Chapter 375  
Divine Transcendence (3)

~*~

Up to now, Lian had managed to stand on equal footing with the others through physical ability alone. But as the level of his competitors rose, the gap would inevitably widen.

That was why, even though the school knew Lian’s circumstances, it could not easily make an exception for him.

“We will begin the evaluation with Group 1. Groups 2 and 3, come out and warm up. Everyone else, rest.”

The cadets of Group 1 went to the training ground with tense expressions. Quan sat down with the evaluation sheet, gave the signal to begin, and a fierce hand-to-hand fight erupted with monstrous intensity.

As Quan focused on the match, the remaining cadets gradually regained their composure. As usual, Tess came over and sat beside Lian. She liked having the chance to talk with him before an evaluation. It felt, in a way, like being alone with her lover on a battlefield.

But that small pleasure was ruined by Rock’s approach.

He walked over with his well-developed chin raised and looked down at Lian.

“Hey, Lian. How about it? Think you can avoid last place this time?”

“Mind your own business.”

“Haha! Of course it’s my business. You’re always last, after all. But I just had an amusing idea. It might even help you.”

“What are you talking about?”

When Lian turned to look at him, Rock pointed at himself with his thumb.

“How about going up against me? In wrestling. Who knows? If you defeat me, the strongest one here, maybe the school will acknowledge you. Don’t you need to do something if you want to escape last place?”

Lian turned away as if he had no interest.

“I don’t need anyone’s approval. If I have to fight, I’ll fight anyone. But I have no desire to show off my strength.”

Rock smiled faintly. To him, those were the typical words of an underdog, someone who avoided fighting and protected his pride with empty talk.

But this time, that pride would get in Lian’s way.

“Hmm. Can you take responsibility for those words?”

Having said that, Rock looked around the training ground. Then, seizing the brief lull after the end of the Group 2 match, he raised his hand.

“Instructor! I have a proposal.”

“What is it?”

“I want to compete against Lian. Please allow it. We’ve already agreed between ourselves.”

Changing the evaluation matchups was not something a cadet would normally dare to request.

However, this time, Quan fell into thought. If Lian was involved, it interested him as well. He was curious how far Lian’s mental transcendence could hold out against Rock, who possessed the most outstanding physical ability among their peers.

“I’ll hear the opinions of the others in your groups before deciding.”

Even if Lian and Rock had settled it between themselves, the cadets who had been paired with them might have other thoughts.

Rock, however, was confident.

No one could beat him in wrestling anyway. His original opponent would not hesitate to give up the match if it meant avoiding him and getting a better chance at a score.

As expected, Rock’s opponent readily agreed.

Even if victory or defeat did not determine the entire evaluation, it was difficult to show one’s skill properly against an opponent with such an overwhelming difference in ability.

Lian’s opponent also had no reason to refuse. If he faced Lian, who could not use schema, then if he did well, it would be worth something; if he failed, the loss would be disastrous, but the opportunity was tempting enough.

Once everyone’s interests aligned, Quan drew two lines through the names on his evaluation sheet and changed the matchups.

“Good. Lian and Rock will go in Group 17.”

Rock sat down beside Lian with a satisfied smile. For some reason, Tess felt uneasy.

There were few cadets their age who could beat Lian in real swordsmanship, but Rock in wrestling was truly dangerous.

She did not know what he was thinking by proposing this match. She could only hope it ended as nothing more than part of the evaluation.

Rock looked at Lian’s hardened face and said, “How about it? You really ended up facing me. You’re not regretting it now, are you? If you’re scared, say so. I’ll go easy on you.”

Lian did not answer. If he had nothing to say, he was not the type to force words.

After that, the evaluation proceeded smoothly.

When Group 8 entered the arena, Tess, who was in Group 10, got ready to leave. Wrestling was an intense event, and without proper stretching beforehand, the risk of injury was high.

“I’m going, Lian.”

“Yeah. Do your best.”

Rock added a comment.

“No need to be nervous. Show them your top-tier skills.”

Tess ignored Rock and headed to the training ground. Even so, Rock did not seem displeased. There was not much time left for her to look at him coldly. Once his match with Lian began, her gaze would burn hot.

Soon it was Tess’s turn. Her opponent was Godim, a swordsman with an honest personality. He still kept his hair cut short like in his trainee days, and when he faced Tess, his face flushed.

It was foolish to separate men and women in a school that taught the art of killing. Even so, wrestling involved so much physical contact that Godim could not help feeling awkward.

Nevertheless, the moment he entered the match, his eyes sharpened like those of a warrior facing a beast.

Tess charged first and collided with Godim. Godim lowered his center of gravity and extended his arms to scoop up both of her thighs. Her legs lifted for a moment, but Tess deftly twisted her body and neutralized the technique.

Watching her, Rock smiled with satisfaction.

“Tess really is amazing. What a wonderful woman. Don’t you think?”

Lian acknowledged Tess’s talent and skill as well. But Rock’s words were unpleasant. Lian knew Rock’s eyes were not fixed on Tess’s technique, but on her body.

“Why are you trying to fight me?”

“You know why, don’t you?”

Rock laughed. From Lian’s curt tone, he seemed to think Lian was getting nervous that Tess might be taken from him.

“If that’s really the reason, don’t drag Tess into this again. If you want to fight me, come whenever you want. I won’t run or avoid you.”

“Haha! Confident, aren’t you? But what will happen afterward?”

Rock decided to get to the point. With Tess away, this was the perfect chance to reveal his true intentions.

“Ogent Lian. I’ve heard the rumors. They say your training is called demon training. You risk your life to win, don’t you? Fine. Then how about this? The loser of our match steps away from Tess.”

Lian snorted in disbelief.

“Do you think Tess will choose you just because you beat me?”

“That doesn’t matter. You leaving her and Tess choosing me are two different things. I’m asking about your resolve.”

Lian delayed answering and looked toward Tess.

Her wrestling was different from Godim’s. She did not rely on strength. Instead, she used flexibility and balance to disrupt her opponent.

Tess’s talent was certainly real. By contrast, Lian had no talent and no future. In his current situation, even thinking about where he stood with her felt like a luxury.

“I don’t bet on people’s hearts.”

“Hmph. Are you tucking your tail because you’re at a disadvantage?”

“But I’ll tell you this.”

Lian’s eyes glared at Rock.

“Even if you kill me in this match, I won’t resent you.”

Lian meant it sincerely. But Rock, born with strong bones and a warrior’s constitution, felt anger before he felt fear.

“Haha! Is that supposed to be a threat? You think I can’t do it?”

Just then, a thud rang out from the training ground. Lian and Rock turned at the same time.

Tess had caught Godim’s arm and thrown him to the ground.

Godim stared up at the sky as if he could not understand what had happened. Then he sat up, his face flushed.

“I lost. It was a good fight.”

“Whew. You did well too. Honestly, that last one was a gamble.”

Tess had overturned him by using the force of his own push. If her judgment had been off, she would have had no choice but to give up the position. But there was no way Tess, a sensory schema user, would miss the shift in her opponent’s center of gravity.

Godim also knew her words were consideration for the loser, and he meekly accepted defeat.

Tess returned to Lian and flashed a V sign with both hands.

“Hehe. I’m done. It’s vacation from now on.”

But the atmosphere was quite different from before. Lian’s expression had grown even colder, and even Rock’s eyes burned with murderous hostility. Tess could tell something had happened while she was away.

“Lian. Why do you look like that? Rock, what happened?”

Rock shrugged.

“Why are you asking me? I didn’t do anything.”

Tess stared at him, her suspicions unresolved, then reluctantly sat down. She knew he was lying, but if she asked Lian, he would not answer.

When the match for Group 15 began, Lian, who was in Group 17, went out to warm up. Rock pretended to follow him, then turned to Tess and said, “Tess. You’ll find out soon. How pathetic Lian is. And what a wonderful man I am.”

“What nonsense are you talking about? No matter what you do, the day will never come when you look wonderful to me.”

“You’re too harsh. I’m still your friend, aren’t I? You know, I made a bet with Lian a while ago.”

“A bet? What bet?”

“The loser of this match gives up on you. I thought you should know in advance.”

Tess snorted and shook her head.

“Rock, Lian would never bet on another person’s heart. That’s the difference between you and him.”

Rock was displeased by Tess’s blind trust, but he did not show it. That, too, was what allowed him to spread so many rumors in social circles.

“Is that really so? Just watch for now.”

In any case, the match had already been arranged, so it did not matter. Tess would be ashamed when she saw Lian suffer miserably in front of the cadets. In that sense, choosing wrestling had been the right move. It would allow Rock to take his time and torment his opponent slowly.

When Group 17’s turn came, Lian and Rock faced each other in the arena.

With their bodies compared directly, the difference in size was almost one and a half times. Lian was by no means small compared to his peers, but Rock had bulked up to such a frightening degree that it looked like an adult facing a child.

The cadets fixed their eyes on them, like spectators waiting for a brutal feeding that could only be seen in the wild.

Lian would be devoured.

The fact that he could not use schema was fatal in every respect. The reason Lian was acknowledged at all was that he had kept up through physical ability alone. But his skills were never the best.

Rock cracked his thick neck and said, “Then shall we begin? Are you ready?”

“Anytime. Since it’s come to this, let’s have a good match.”

As Lian and Rock took their wrestling stances, Quan also stopped writing and focused on their match.

The two collided the moment the signal was given.

Once they made contact, they were free to do as they pleased. Rock drove in with his head first and delivered an impact at the very start.

There was a heavy crack.

It was the kind of sound that made one worry a skull might have shattered.

Quan did not consider it a foul. In a close-quarters contest, collisions like that were common.

It was not that Lian had been unprepared. But the moment their heads collided, sparks burst before his eyes, and his upper body reeled backward.

In a collision like this, weight decided everything in the end. That was why Rock had desperately built up his body.

As Lian staggered, Rock immediately closed in and grabbed the back of his neck. Lian hurriedly regained his senses and took the same grip.

They looked like two bulls standing with their horns locked against each other. Neither breathed, and both their faces grew red. Gradually, Lian’s feet began to drag across the ground.

Once again, the deciding factor was weight.

“Huuuuu…”

Breath leaked through Rock’s clenched teeth.

He had heard the rumors, but actually facing Lian was shocking. Lian could not use schema. From the very first collision, he should have been blown away. That would have been normal.