Chapter 386
Magic Association (4)
~*~

Shirone was out of breath and unable to reply. He had been watching the situation from a distance, but as the crisis escalated, he had been on the verge of sprinting forward with all his might.

“What are you planning to do if you just kill someone? Even if you don’t know what’s going on, you can resolve it through conversation.”

“What? Kill people? How dare you disparage the cause of the revolution as mere murder!”

Arya recognized Shirone’s face. He was the boy she had harbored a crush on in the wagon a few days prior. But there was no time to dwell on that now.

Covered in tears and a runny nose, she begged Shirone, her only remaining hope.

“Help me! Please save me!”

“Shut up! The revolution has already begun!”

When one of the crew members pressed a scythe against Arya’s neck, Shirone, driven to desperation, instantly summoned his wits. He shouted while holding out the iron box strapped to his side.

“Wait a moment! Take me hostage instead!”

Before the scythe could pierce his throat, the agent’s hand stopped.

*I’ve trained for three years to complete this cause, but this is an unheard-of situation. Who would willingly lay down their life for a stranger?*

“Take you hostage?”

Shirone pulled the Magic Association employee card from his inner pocket. He held it up, using his thumb to cover a picture of Fleur tucked behind it.

“As you can see, I am an employee of the Magic Association. Taking me hostage would be far more effective than taking a civilian.”

The crew members finally saw through the boy’s plan.

*Now that I look at it, it was a ploy to buy time. Not only have I never seen a Magic Association employee card before, but it’s impossible to verify it here.*

“Huh! Are you really an employee of the Magic Association? A kid like you? Do you think I’d believe that?”

At that moment, the terrorist who had been watching Shirone closely from the window spoke up.

“Hey, bring that guy over.”

Everyone in the Gold Tower turned to look at him. He couldn’t see the speaker’s expression because of his hood, but the tense atmosphere made it clear that everyone was suspicious.

“Chief, do you really believe what he said?”

“Trust me. He is an employee of the Magic Association. I’ve already verified it with Akim Company. If an employee of the Magic Association is held hostage, it will be much easier to carry out our demands.”

One of the crew members reported through the window. Since it was the captain’s word, there was no need to doubt it.

“Hey, the captain said so. Bring him in.”

The terrorist holding the scythe kicked Arya aside and violently threw her backward. Then, pointing his weapon at Shirone, he gestured sharply with his wrist.

“Great. Walk slowly this way. If you pull any nonsense, I will kill all the hostages here.”

“I know that already. That’s exactly why I’m becoming the hostage.”

Shirone set the metal box down on the floor to avoid arousing further suspicion. The scythe-wielding crew member then asked, his voice trembling with nervousness.

“Wait a moment. What is that?”

“This is an item I bought at the alchemy shop.”

As the crew members turned to inspect it, the captain was lost in thought. He couldn’t see the box, but he was certain he had stopped by that store to purchase something.

“It will do. Bring that too.”

The Black Revolutionary Corps did not need currency. A single bundle was only enough to buy an apple on the black market. But items were different. Especially if it was something ordered from the Magic Association, it could definitely be exchanged for a considerable amount of weapons.

“Hey, put that over your head and come over here.”

Shirone held the iron box with both hands and walked toward the Gold Tower.

When he crossed the entrance, he was immediately surrounded by three members. One stole the box, another tied Shirone’s hands behind his back, and the third knelt down and pressed a greatsword against his neck.

“Stay calm. If you resist, I will kill you.”

Shirone looked around without even answering.

The hostages were grouped together and guarded by the three terrorists. Only Arya broke away from the crowd and fell to her knees beside Shirone.

Realizing she had finally survived, Arya looked at Shirone, who had saved her, with a mix of emotions. She felt sorry for him, and the fact that he was an employee of the Magic Association was surprising.

“Are you a wizard?”

Shirone did not look back, offering only a bitter smile. Even though he was a wizard, he couldn’t enter the Spirit Zone because the Magic Control Device was activated inside the Gold Tower.

*I didn’t expect the Magic Control Device to be turned on. Well, it would be natural for Korea Exchange Bank. But how did these people infiltrate?*

Shirone glanced sideways at the huge hole in the Gold Tower’s floor. He wondered if they had dug it themselves. It wasn’t an accidental crime; it would have taken several months to prepare.

*This might be dangerous.*

While Shirone was lost in thought, a terrorist wielding a flail approached. Even though he was wearing a robe, he couldn’t hide his massive size.

“Hehe, the Magic Association, which I hate the most in the world, is finally here. How should I play with him?”

It was a low voice that defied common sense. No matter how clear the pronunciation was, it felt dull and guttural.

The terrorist crouched down and grabbed Shirone’s chin with his huge hand. His skin was as rough as tree bark.

As he turned Shirone’s face left and right, a cruel idea struck him. He reached into his robe and pulled out a dagger.

“Yeah, this would be fun. Hey, girl.”

Arya looked at the terrorist with anxious eyes. She didn’t know why, but a familiar voice echoed in her mind, reminding her to be careful.

The terrorist swung the dagger swiftly in his massive hand. Then, he caught the blade between his fingers and held out the handle toward her.

“I am very grateful to the person who saved your life. Isn’t that right?”

“Yes, it is.”

“Then give me a knife in return. The thigh is fine.”

A look of astonishment filled Arya’s eyes. Her face turned white, and her chin trembled.

“Y-yes? Uh, how… … .”

Even if she were just stabbing a stranger, she would be terrified to death. But she couldn’t bring herself to hurt the person who had risked his life to save her.

A terrorist wielding a double ax approached, showing keen interest.

“Kyakyakya! That would be nice. Hey, do it fast! Otherwise, I will kill you first!”

It was a high-pitched, overlapping voice that grated on the nerves.

Startled by the threat of death, Arya accepted the dagger. But she couldn’t bear to stab Shirone’s thigh.

“Hoo? As expected, the staff of the Magic Association are different. Even in this situation, not a single expression has changed on his face.”

Shirone stared straight ahead, completely calm.

The lack of reaction only pleased the terrorists. Of course, being stabbed would hurt, but that was merely a future pain that hadn’t arrived yet.

At the crew member’s words, Arya raised her head and looked at Shirone. Guilt-ridden words slipped from his lips as he continued to face forward with a nonchalant expression.

“I’m OK. Guard yourself.”

The terrorist with the flail could not stand it and shouted.

“Do it faster! Poke! Before I smash your head!”

As the flail was lifted into the air, Arya reached out toward Shirone’s thigh, tears streaming down her face.

“I’m sorry… … I’m sorry.”

The upside-down dagger trembled in her grip. She couldn’t even imagine what it would feel like to have a sharp piece of metal pierce her flesh.

Arya sobbed and placed the tip of the dagger against Shirone’s thigh.

Even then, Shirone’s expression did not change. He wouldn’t fight back anyway. They needed him alive; he was their most valuable hostage.

“You are surrounded! You are surrounded! Release the hostages immediately and raise the white flag! If you don’t comply with the order, I will wipe you out completely!”

The heads of all the terrorists turned toward the window. All at once, the Tormia anti-terrorist squad had set up a barricade and completely surrounded the Gold Tower.

The emergency riot squad of prosecutors, the special riot squad of magicians, the explosives dismantling squad made up of alchemists, and even the sniper squad composed of gunners were all on the scene.

The terrorist with the flail spat out a string of curse words as the opportunity to mock the heinous Magic Association flew by. His voice was so low-pitched that it was barely audible. No, maybe he didn’t even know what a human language was.

Nothing was more important to the Black Revolutionary Corps than the revolutionary cause. Caught up in his emotions, the crew member grabbed Shirone by the back of his belt and dragged him toward the window, his legs lifting off the ground with violent force.

“We are the Black Revolution! If we don’t release Vice-Captain Kanimar and his comrades right now, the hostages will die! I will execute one person every ten minutes!”

The anti-terrorist squad did not even raise an eyebrow. If they accepted the demand here, they would have to accept even bigger demands in the future.

However, it was impossible to sacrifice the hostages. Even high-ranking nobles among the hostages held in the Gold Tower could cause severe political problems.

“Damn you kids! If you want to die, you will die alone!”

The anti-terrorist squad leader glared at the terrorist and clenched his teeth. In the end, there was no choice but to suppress them, but the key was minimizing the damage.

It could be right now, or it could be five minutes from now. How much more time he gave them was entirely his burden.

Then, a roaring sound echoed through the air, and a woman holding a long magic wand landed gracefully.

Fleur, who had flown straight from the Magic Association, immediately analyzed the situation upon arrival.

*Once the anti-terrorist team arrived, all the citizens escaped. But the child… … ?*

It wasn’t far from the alchemy shop, so it was normal for her to keep an eye on the nearby situation. However, no matter how much she looked around, she couldn’t find Shirone.

*What, you’re not here? Do you really run away anyway? Well, good thing for me… … .*

Fleur’s gaze stopped at the main gate of the Gold Tower. Seeing Shirone caught in the hands of the terrorist with a liberated expression, her eyes widened and her jaw dropped as if she were about to fall.

“What are you doing over there! Fool!”

The anti-terrorist squad looked back at the sudden arrival that had sprung up without their knowledge.

“Ah… … .”

The captain frowned and asked.

“What are you? Seeing that you moved through space, is it a wizard?”

Fleur, who had regained her composure, walked forward confidently. She wasn’t included in the number of cooperating personnel, but anyway, this place was also under the jurisdiction of the Magic Association, so she had authority.

“My name is Fleur, the head of the Magic Association’s security department. How is the current situation… … yes?”

Fleur, who had been groping at her chest, looked down with a puzzled expression. She obviously didn’t have the employee ID that should have been hanging around her neck.

Realizing it belatedly, she stuck out her tongue with a pained expression.

*Oops, I gave it to that guy.*

The captain stared at Fleur, whose expression changed every second. If she hadn’t flown through space travel, he would have just thought she was some crazy town girl.

“The Magic Association’s security chief? But why did you come here? The riot squad has already been packed.”

“Oh, hey, that… … I was wondering if there was anything I could help with… … .”

Fleur’s voice was quieter than before, intimidated by the fact that she didn’t have a license. Either that or not, the captain looked back at the front as if it was annoying.

“Go back. We have enough troops to subdue them. The problem is the hostages.”

Fleur also knew, since it wasn’t the first time she had witnessed a terrorism scene.

The reason it was difficult to wipe out terrorists was that they used an unspecified number of weak people as their shields.

However, even from her point of view, she could not leave the place without leaving Shirone behind.

*The more I think about it, the more I get annoyed. What were you thinking about getting caught by a terrorist? Even magic doesn’t work there.*

For a moment, Fleur’s eyes lit up.

*Wait, magic?*

Maybe Shirone’s capture could be an opportunity.

Fleur, thinking of a hopeful strategy, ran through the anti-terrorist unit and reached the captain.

“Hey, Captain! Captain!”

The captain sighed and looked back.

“What else? We are busy.”

“There is! There is a way to save the hostages!”