Chapter 431  
Final Decision (1)  
~*~

Shirone handed a cup of coffee to Kang Nan and asked if she had brought any spare clothes. Kang Nan replied that her own had been worn out during the escape, though she did have emergency supplies like bandages and rope. After changing into the clothes Shirone provided, Kang Nan began to recount her story as her strength slowly returned.

The reason Gaold had avoided arrest was his deep-seated, paranoid distrust of humanity. Or perhaps it was simply that his wish had been so earnest that he could no longer believe in anything at all. This was evident in the single iron rule he had established when he launched his project twenty years ago: in the event of even the slightest variable, cancel all plans and monitor the situation.

There had been a time when Gaold was absent from the Magic Association for nearly two hours without explanation. It might have been nothing more than a private matter anyone could encounter. Yet Gaold refused to let it go. While disbanding the SS unit, he also resigned from the Association. However, the Association’s response was far swifter than anticipated, and most of the SS were swiftly arrested. Only Gaold and Kang Nan managed to escape by resorting to force, though the Association’s pursuers relentlessly tracked their every move.

After being hunted down repeatedly, the place they finally reached was Gaold’s alma mater, Alpheas Magic School. Shirone looked at Kang Nan with a pained expression. By her account, it was a miracle she had arrived here alive.

“You’ve really worked hard.”

Thanks to the sugar in the coffee, Kang Nan’s complexion had improved rapidly. She stretched out her arm, activated the Kubrick, and a magic wand decorated with a phoenix materialized in her palm.

“I didn’t have anywhere to hide, but that’s not why I came all the way here. The Association president wants to meet with Alpheas directly, but they sent me because their tracking capabilities are so poor. If I’m caught, I die anyway. So, Shirone, I need your help.”

Gaold’s skills made it nearly impossible to track them through conventional means, but since the Association employed many regular trackers, it was safer not to risk showing up.

“Where is the Association president now?”

Kang Nan rose from the bed, swung her wand quickly, and tucked it behind her back before heading for the door. “I’ll guide you. Of course, only if you want to follow me.”

Her words carried a clear warning. If Shirone wanted to escape the situation, she should leave now.

“First, I want to meet him and hear his side of things.”

It was inefficient to risk one’s life on false hope. Besides, from the moment Shirone had entered the Association, she had become entangled with Gaold. In this situation, she had to find a solution herself rather than hiding behind excuses.

*You’ve trained desperately, Shirone.*

Her temperament had shifted dramatically in the past three months. Just as life adapts to extreme environments, Shirone had matured through the fierce competition of the senior class.

“Yes. First, I’ll listen to the Association president and make my own judgment. But if possible…”

Kang Nan paused, her hand still on the door handle. “I want you to help us.”

These were words she could never have spoken in front of Gaold. It was also the first time she had treated Shirone as a true wizard.

“We’re leaving now.”

Shirone delayed her answer and opened the door. Clad in raincoats, the two climbed the mountain behind the school. Casting magic here was easy, but the probability of detection by Jonah was close to one hundred percent.

Gaold was hiding on the far side of the mountain range surrounding the school. He wasn’t far in distance, but it was already dawn by the time they arrived, since they had to cross the peaks. Hiking up a mountain in the rain is usually grueling, but Kang Nan flipped up her hood and slipped into the cave without even a chance to catch her breath.

“President of the Association, I’ve brought Shirone.”

After ushering Shirone inside, Kang Nan stepped back out to keep watch for pursuers.

Inside the cave, all they could see was darkness. At the far end, flames flared to life, and Gaold appeared as though only his face were floating in the void. Leaning back against the cavern wall, he balanced on one leg, smiled, and raised a hand.

“Hey, Shirone.”

Just looking at Kang Nan’s battered condition gave Shirone an idea of how difficult their life on the run had been, yet Gaold remained alive and well, sporting his signature mad grin.

“You look relaxed.”

“Hehe, it’s worth living as an unemployed man. Well, I didn’t do much actual work at the Association either.”

Gaold gestured to a seat in front of him. “Sit down. Even if I can’t serve tea, I’ve got a bunch of stories you might like.”

Shirone sat and asked directly, “How did you get hurt?”

Gaold rested his chin on his hand and fell silent. Rather than resentment, his expression conveyed a deep, weary frustration.

“I broke my own ward. Of course, most of the charges against me were fabricated. It seems even King Adolf thought this time was unacceptable. Actually, I’ve been patient for quite a while. The real problem is that most of my bodyguards have been arrested or are still being hunted down.”

“Why didn’t you expect Gaold’s betrayal? The Association president’s bodyguards are handpicked and vetted.”

“That’s your question. I certainly have nothing to say about that part. It’s my fault. But thanks to that, it’s easier to find out who’s pulling the strings behind the scenes. I’m almost certain Theraze is behind Gaold.”

“If it’s Theraze…”

She was the Empress of Kashan, the mother of Uorin, and the head of the Valkyries Shirone had met in Kazura. It was easy to gauge Theraze’s power simply by listing what Shirone already knew. Yet it remained unclear why Gaold’s betrayal was connected to her.

“Did you ever meet Uorin in Kazura?” Gaold asked.

“Yes. I got a lot of help from her. If it weren’t for her, I wouldn’t be where I am today.”

“Hmm. I got some help. Yes, that’s right. Kuk-kuk.”

Shirone’s expression darkened. She owed her life to Uorin, so what was the point of laughing at her?

Gaold’s laughter stopped abruptly. “Perhaps Theraze… It must be the mitochondrial Eve.”

“Mitochondrial Eve?”

“Except for the temple, few people know about it. Perhaps the woman you met, Uorin, is actually Empress Theraze.”

“Please speak plainly so I can understand.”

Gaold explained the concept of mitochondrial Eve. Theraze could pass her memories to her descendants through mutations in her mitochondria. The timing of memory awakening varied from person to person. However, if Uorin had already awakened them, Shirone would have been meeting Empress Theraze, not Uorin.

“In that way, Theraze holds all the memories from the genesis of mankind to the present. She penetrates the essence of humanity through her vast database. To her, you are merely an accessory that turns the wheel of history. The proof is the strongest object you’re holding, [Armand].”

Shirone instinctively touched Armand at her waist. She had expected this wouldn’t be a simple favor, but hearing it sent chills down her spine. The most frightening part was that, even now that she understood Theraze’s true identity, she couldn’t guess the meaning behind this “gift.”

“Theraze’s ability isn’t limited to that. You see, we live in an unusual world. Erase Guffin. In other words, it has already been reset, and you are living the life that came after. It’s speculation from here on out, but it’s highly likely that Theraze still retains her memories from before the reset. If so, it also explains how Gaold was able to bypass my paranoid management and join the SS.”

“From the moment Gaold was born, he predicted and planted today’s events.”

“If you understand quickly, there’s no need to waste time.” Gaold nodded honestly. “You got it right. No human could have predicted that far. It’s only possible because it’s Theraze.”

Certainly, in this case, even Gaold of the world could do nothing about it. In the end, all his limbs were cut off, and the project he had planned for twenty years was rendered in vain. But with everything lost, Gaold had only one choice left.

“What odds are left?”

He was going to Heaven. He would go even if he lost his bodyguards and even if the plans he had designed for more than half his life were in vain. Because he was the one willing to risk the lives of all mankind to save the labyrinth.

Gaold leaned back leisurely and crossed his arms. “I can’t do anything like this. But I haven’t been idle for twenty years either. It’s hard to call it a last resort, but everything isn’t lost. Anyway, you’re there too.”

“I haven’t said anything about helping the Association president yet.”

“Hey, don’t push yourself too hard. The reason I told you my situation is to convince you of the instructions I’ll give you from now on. If you do just one favor, it’s goodbye to you. Study hard and graduate.”

Shirone was convinced by his blunt words. At the point of fighting the world, there was no time to worry about the safety of students.

“But would you have made me an offer?”

One of Gaold’s eyebrows rose. “It was a transaction at a time when everything was perfect, and above all, when a year was given.”

“You’re not saying you’ve found a way, are you?”

“It’s not even how…”

“Hmm.”

Gaold stroked his beard. He wasn’t a child who would make a proposal with a clumsy lie, but he didn’t have the confidence to claim he had truly found something.

“Okay, listen. How are you going to destroy Heaven?”

“Before that, promise me. If you meet the conditions, please share all the information the Association president knows. It’s a matter directly related to my life. Also, the final choice to decide on going to Heaven must always be with me.”

It was an unfair deal. Gaold would divulge all information that could endanger his safety, while Shirone could withdraw at any time.

“Okay, let’s listen.”

Gaold readily agreed. After all, negotiation was a process where two selfish people met and found a compromise. If his words had been swayed by emotion, he never would have been able to trust Shirone. It couldn’t be seen as particularly disadvantageous, but Shirone added the condition “if the conditions are met.”

Of course, if there was a way to destroy Heaven, she was willing to take any risk. However, even though she had been given a year, she had entrusted it with the thought that it would be worth it to lose from the beginning. If it was a foolish way, he would just ignore it. And perhaps, judging from Shirone’s current skills, the result would inevitably be the latter.

*Because there’s nothing wrong with getting even trivial information,* Gaold thought.

“Basically, it’s magic using ataraxia,” Shirone explained.

“Perhaps.”

Shirone explained the magic for ten minutes. Gaold never intervened. He just looked down at the ground and listened until the story wrapped up.

“… If that happens, no, maybe it will destroy Heaven… what such…”

When there was no response from Gaold, Shirone’s voice gradually sank. It was because when she finally said it out loud, the difficulties she had only considered in her head became overwhelmingly real, and her confidence vanished.

Even after Shirone finished speaking, Gaold did not answer. He was just endlessly replaying, replaying, replaying the story from a while ago.

Shirone, feeling increasingly intimidated, added, “So, as the Association president said, once you find a possibility…”

“Nice.”

A rustle escaped Gaold’s mouth.

“Quack! Kkkkkkk! Kkkkkkkkkkkkk!”

No matter how hard he tried to suppress it, a laugh scratched his throat. Finally, unable to hold it back, he threw his head back and burst into a frenzy.

“Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!”

As the cave echoed with his laughter, Kang Nan entered, looking startled. However, after confirming that nothing was wrong with Gaold, she returned to her high-alert stance.

Shirone stared blankly at Gaold. She didn’t know what the meaning of his smile was.

Gaold licked the corners of his mouth and glared at Shirone. The eyes reflected in the flames were blazing with fire.

“Mi… friend… bloke.”

It was the highest compliment Gaold could give anyone.

Rate This Chapter

We hope you enjoyed this chapter!

Your feedback is important. Please take a moment to rate this chapter and share your thoughts.

Rating:
