Chapter 368  
Trinity (2)  
~*~

Breathing grew rough. Oxygen consumption soared.  
– Residual oxygen consumption time: 1 minute 17 seconds. 1 minute 3 seconds. 42 seconds.  

Light flew from all directions and pierced Shirone’s body.  
When access to the law was blocked, the attack targeted the mind directly through physical means.  

Armand reacted immediately.  
– Observing neural junction points. Copying after docking.  

Armand’s tentacles connected to the needles of light. Then more light rushed in, penetrating Shirone’s body.  
Dozens, hundreds.  

The endlessly flooding light demanded only one thing:  
to be dismantled.  

“Damn it!”  

Shirone twisted the bridge of his nose with a terrifying expression.  
The feeling of having his very being absorbed by another was as humiliating as being eaten alive by a beast.  

– Residual oxygen consumption time: 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.  

At this rate, he would be absorbed.  

“It’s so damn cheeky…!”  

Shirone focused his mind on a single endless point.  
As the immortal function activated, the spirit of infinity spread throughout the world of the law.  

– Detecting unmeasurable concentration points. Penetration.  

Armand’s organic matter proliferated infinitely. Tentacles stretched out and docked with all the thorns embedded in Shirone.  
Having copied the information intended to hack the owner’s brain, Armand began building a suitable firewall based on it.  

Finally, Shirone and the Ice Queen came to share one world as subjects of separate laws.  

– Firewall complete. Behavior initiated.  

A light burst from Shirone’s retinas.  
A small world was created.  

“Here?”  

Shirone looked around.  
It was a dark space, like the world of the law. The only difference was that there were no twinkling stars.  

Yet Shirone could see.  

‘How can I see where there is no light?’  

‘Perhaps…’  

Shirone found an interesting answer.  
It was a memory. There is no light in memory because light does not remain in the past.  

But he was in reality.  
So, this was a space where all time unfolded. It was the totality of time, where past, present, and future could not be distinguished.  

As he took a step, an uncountable number of Shirones approached from the darkness.  

“What?”  

He turned around. An infinite number of himself spun around, as if space had been spread out using mirrors.  

Shirone singled out one figure and approached. The closer he got, the narrower the composition became, and numerous Shirones lined up in parallel rows.  

Her pupils were black, and she stood there with an evil expression.  

Shirone held out his hand. The other Shirone held out her hand too.  

He could feel the cold texture of a glass wall.  

‘Is this me?’  

No, this was not him.  

Where was this? Was it outside or inside the mirror? Was he the one looking in the mirror, or was he the one reflected in it?  

“Ah…”  

Shirone finally realized.  

“This…”  

Both Shirones spoke at the same time.  

“It’s you.”  

Puff! Pup! Pup! Pup! Pup!  

All the glass walls stretching out in infinite parallel lines shattered at the speed of light.  

With the sound of breaking glass, the boundary of the mirror began to collapse at the speed of light.  

Shirone and his reflection’s hands met. But before he could feel it, the Shirone on the other side disappeared.  

Within the Ice Queen’s Law, Shirone and his reflection referred to each other, forming a perfect trinity.  

The evil Shirone with the black pupils was no more. There was only one unchanging Shirone, unmoved by any law.  

A technique called incarnation art in heaven. However, wizards regarded this as a state and called it mental transcendence.