Chapter 362  
Midwinter Night (5)  
~*~

4 a.m.

The nature of the Ice Queen.

A brown wine bottle smashed against the castle wall and shattered.

“You children! Come out! Come on!”  

Drunk, Zocre screamed loudly. His pupils were completely unfocused, and his steps staggered. Ludvans and Vivian supported him from either side.

“Zocre, don’t do this. What if you get caught? You can’t come in here at this hour.”

His depression had turned into anger fueled by intoxication. Joe Kre needed something to fight for, and his fighting spirit pushed him beyond all limits.

“Haha! Who’s going to touch me? I’m a wizard! A true wizard! Oh yes! I’ll blow up the guards with just one magic shot!”

Jocre shook his body and rattled his friends. Vivian and Ludvans couldn’t stop him. No matter how much alcohol they drank, their minds wavered as well.

At least Ludvans, who hadn’t been drinking, clung to Zocre and tried to bring him back to his senses.

“Cold. Let’s go inside. If you shout any more here, you’ll get into trouble.”

“Alcohol! Ludvans! Let’s have a drink! Let’s drink it all!”

“Okay. But be quiet and follow me.”

The hall, now deserted, felt bleak. In the daytime, the objects casually passed by seemed grotesque, as if they had a life of their own. The Ice Queen’s figure, reflected in the cold moonlight through the window, was especially eerie.

Vivian rubbed her shoulder and said, “Some lighting magic.”

Zocre wasn’t in the mood to cast magic, so Ludvans and Vivian cast lighting spells. However, since they were drunk as well, the magic only succeeded after several attempts.

With a popping sound, two lights rose to the ceiling, instantly brightening the hall.

Zocre crawled up the slippery ice steps.

Entering the corridor on the 1.5th floor, he quarreled with a wax figure of the Ice Queen trapped in a giant block of ice.

“Hey, Mr. Ice Queen? Good night? Would you like to have a drink together?”

No answer came.

“Haha! Look! The legendary wizard isn’t so great after all. Sleeping trapped in ice at best! Is that even magic?”

—Magic. A law that twists the status quo. Ice Queen. Wizard.

The cerebral body absorbed information from Zocre.

Optrus, materialized by Lyria’s necromantic spirit, instinctively fled to the place where the most familiar thoughts were concentrated.

That place was the Ice Queen’s true nature.

This was because the Ice Queen accounted for the largest portion of the information that tourists had vomited.

Optrus was quickly adapting to this world based on the vast amount of information.

After a certain point, awareness arose in the mental body, where only sensations had existed before.

As senses and cognition communicated, the preservation of simple knowledge evolved into the stage of thinking.

—I think. I exist highly.

Optrus concluded that it needed a form to prove its existence. And it found a special vessel in which it could materialize its thoughts.

The Ice Queen’s eyes opened in a flash.

Zocre wasn’t surprised, because he knew that if he stood at the foot of the wax figure, she would open her eyes.

The beauty of the Ice Queen made his wounds throb even more, abandoned so trivially by a woman.

Zocre knocked on the ice as if knocking on a door.

“Hey, my queen. Would you like to fall in love with me? Huh? Hehehe.”

Vivian looked at Jocre’s antics pathetically and clicked her tongue.

“It’s completely tasteless. Hey, calm down. If you lose your mind here, you’ll freeze to death.”

Zocre rolled up his sleeves and prepared to fight the Ice Queen.

“Okay, let’s settle this. Wizard versus wizard battle. But if I win, you’ll go out with me.”

As the information collected so far was classified as experience, Optrus had reached the stage of judging the world by its own standards.

—What is strength? Superiority in some characteristic. Quality control. Transformation, alteration, change of the physical system.

Then, a question suddenly came to mind.

—Then… am I strong?

“Stop it now. Let’s go back. Let’s get some sleep. How long are you going to stay here like this?”

Seeing that Zocre’s eyes were half-closed, Ludvans hugged him from behind and dragged him away.

Vivian, sighing with her arms crossed, glanced at the Ice Queen and followed Ludvans.

The moment she took a step, she turned her head in astonishment.

“Uh huh?”

The Ice Queen’s eyes, which should have been looking straight ahead, were looking at her.

Vivian thought she was less sober.

However, no matter how much she tried to regain her senses, the Ice Queen’s gaze was clearly sideways.

It felt like her hair was standing on end. Shock hit her as her heart pounded.

“Hey, hey, guys…”

Zocre’s voice faded down the stairs.

“Well, you want to go out with me… well?”

Don’t leave me!

Vivian was so terrified she couldn’t make a sound.

The Ice Queen’s gaze, apparently made of wax, now moved freely and looked around.

Emotionally, she seemed to be analyzing what substance was imprisoning her.

Vivian wasn’t even sick, but she felt like she was going to die.

No, it was even scarier than dying.

The desire to live pushed air into her stomach as she felt the distance from her friends growing with time.

Vivian cried the loudest she ever had in her life.

“Yaaaaaa!”

The hall roared, echoing her screams.

As Ludvans, who was descending the stairs, turned his head in surprise, a light flashed in the area where the Ice Queen stood.

“What?”

Ludvans left Zocre and went up the stairs.

The Ice Queen was bathed in radiance, and pale-faced Vivian watched, her chin trembling.

“Ludvans… this… this…”

The Ice Queen’s waxy skin cracked open, and light leaked through the cracks.

As her body vibrated, the ice block shattered and divided into thousands of golden pieces about to explode.

‘I have to avoid it. I have to avoid…’

The ice block exploded with a roar. At the same time, Ludvans grabbed Vivian and threw her body aside.

Ice shards spread to the far end of the hall.

Zocre, who was on the stairs, hurriedly covered his face as shrapnel flew by. Then he raised his head in amazement.

Vivian couldn’t take her eyes off the Ice Queen even as she scrambled away.

Inside the shattered wax figure was a phosphorescent glow that shone golden.

It moved slowly and approached the railing.

As the light gradually faded, the Ice Queen appeared, full of liveliness unlike a moment ago.

Vivian muttered in disbelief.

“The Ice Queen… is she resurrected?”

Watching the Ice Queen’s return up close, she clearly saw the wax skin cracking like a mold, revealing a new Ice Queen inside.

Zocre arrived in the hallway across the street and was about to run to Vivian but stopped abruptly.

Like Vivian, his face was pale.

“The Ice Queen?”

Was the legend true?

If the current situation was not a dream, he was now confronting the wizard who had sent countless people to their deaths.

“Haaaaa.”

The Ice Queen opened her mouth and exhaled. As frost seeped out, the air around her began to freeze, forming a thin layer of ice.

“This is the freezing phenomenon.”

It was a beautiful voice.

But upon meeting the Ice Queen’s inanimate eyes, Zocre felt the blood in his veins freeze.

The Ice Queen fixed her nonchalant gaze on Jocre.

“If you beat me, I’ll do it for you. It’s called dating.”

“Eww… Aaaaaa!”

Jocre’s nerves raced toward death.

On the contrary, his desire to live instantly removed the alcohol’s effect and he deployed the magic he had been training the longest.

A fireball was born in his palm.

Zocre’s specialty was short-range fire magic.

Although not fast-firing, he could boast that no one had defeated him in terms of power.

“Jocre! No!”

Vivian shouted. From an outside perspective, it was a reckless act.

However, if her eyes met the Ice Queen’s, she would have done the same as Zocre.

“Die, die!”

The fireball thrown by Zocre hit the Ice Queen’s head.

No, she seemed to have no intention of avoiding it from the start. A popping sound set the top of her neck on fire.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”

Originally a wax figure, Vivian screamed as she imagined a human candle.

In any case, the water had already been spilled.

Ludvans, who was at least rational, murmured while carefully examining the Ice Queen’s movements.

“Is she dead?”

The Ice Queen didn’t move. All her nerves were focused on her brain.

It was the first sensation she was experiencing since gaining form, and it was exciting.

The pain of burning her face was terrible, for she had transformed her law into creature form.

But to her, who couldn’t clearly define pain, it was just an abnormal sensory state.

‘Is this heat? It absorbs energy and subdues it.’

As the energy was drained through her law, the fire died out instantly, freezing the atmosphere around her.

Her hideously distorted Ice Queen face was revealed.

The person who had done this to her, Joe Kre, was so numb that he knocked her on the buttock.

“Ahh, buy, save…”

The Ice Queen savored the nervous system convulsing in her face.

Pain was a truly unpleasant sensation.

‘The brain…’

The Ice Queen’s face began to twitch as she approached Jocre.

She was “nearly melting.”

If her brain melted, she would die.

She was a creature.

“Help me! Wrong!”

Jocre fell flat and begged for his life. Dealing with a mage who was alive even after burning her face was insane.

“Zocre!”

Vivian and Ludvans ran and blocked Zocre’s way.

Even though they couldn’t be the Ice Queen’s opponents, Zocre felt that his friends standing in front of him were like saviors.

Vivian knelt down and pleaded.

“Help me! It was because my friend was drunk! I never intended to attack the queen.”

“Alcohol?”

Alcohol. Brain. Disrupting substances.

“Right.”

When the Ice Queen discovered that the cause of her pain was a disruptor in her brain, she turned her attention away.

“I don’t think absorbing something called alcohol is very beneficial to a creature.”

“Yes! Yeah! Sorry.”

“Then what are you going to do now?”

The Ice Queen asked with pure doubt.

She was born human and met humans. If so, she wondered what they would do to her.

Her innocence and madness went hand in hand, and her candid question terrified Jocre.

“I will do anything you ask. So please, just spare my life.”

“Are you going to do what you’re told?”

“Yes, whatever…”

The Ice Queen tilted her head.

“Why?”

Zocre looked up at the Ice Queen with bewildered eyes.

When she came to her senses, she noticed her tone and behavior were strange.

However, if the legend was true, she had been in hibernation for 800 years. It was very possible she had lost her memory.

“Of course, the queen is the ruler. She is also a great wizard. So she must rule again.”

“Control?”

The Ice Queen’s head tilted even more, then she frowned as if displeased.

She had borrowed a human form and gained a personality, but her information processing speed was markedly off.

However, such discrepancies in the nervous system were only accepted as characteristics of living things, not unpleasant.

“Right. I rule. Because I am strong.”

Zocre let out a sigh of relief.

As expected, the Ice Queen was the Ice Queen. Had she cheated, she would surely have lost her life.

“This is a wise statement. It is different from us who are weak.”

Zocre groaned endlessly.

It was the point at which his whole life of hard work had barely yielded its first results.

If he were killed by dogs in a remote place before he even enjoyed his life as a wizard, he would not be able to close his eyes even after becoming a corpse.

Thinking of her words, the Ice Queen gently bent her back and looked down at him.

“Do you want to become strong too?”

Zocre blinked absentmindedly, not understanding the Ice Queen’s intentions.

In the legend, she was a sorceress so powerful that even her kingdom could not handle her. Wasn’t that why she was exiled to a place like this?

But she put survival first. It would be a waste to get caught up in useless drama and offend the queen.

“I want to be strong!”

Suddenly Vivian shouted.

Jocre looked back at her in dismay.

‘You fool!’

Are you still sober?

Of course, it wasn’t that she didn’t understand his feelings.

How long had he suffered from frustration all his life?

If one day a god appeared and said he would grant a wish, it was the people at the bottom who gave up wealth, fame, and lifelong lovers and asked for magic.

But this time, the timing wasn’t good.

Not only was everything around them frozen, but what could they expect from a woman who had even imprisoned herself in her ice?

Maybe it was because the situation was so unreal.

That’s why her theory of life drama might have advanced.

Vivian, whether aware of Jocre’s burning feelings or not, looked up at the Ice Queen with longing eyes.

Even if this was the trap of her life, she knew it wasn’t an opportunity that came to just anyone.

“Teach me, my queen. Magic on me!”

The suppressed drunkenness surged all at once as sad emotions overwhelmed her.

But her mind was clearer than at any other time in her life.

The Ice Queen raised her hand in silence.

The information she had acquired as Optrus was now stored in a space called memory.

Also, since she was born on her own, she accepted the rules of this world as pure information and was able to control them.

A wave of wind.

The strong wind spread so much that the atmosphere drew concentric circles.

However, Zocre and his party couldn’t feel the wind. They only realized that something about them had changed.

Jocre peered at his own hands and trembled in disbelief.

The world they felt was completely different from just a moment ago.

The Ice Queen said nonchalantly, “Is that the law you want?”

Jocre, moved by her, nodded, unable to even answer.

She could neither feel nor realize it—before that happened.

But she must feel and realize it if that situation came.

That was the change of the law.

‘Nonsense. How is this possible?’

Jocre clasped his hands.

Vivian was right.

Today’s incident was the biggest and most complete reversal that could happen in one’s life.