Chapter 397  
Special Training (4)  
~*~

Shirone began training in laser guidance magic in earnest.

Producing a laser itself was not a problem. With Omnipotence, that much was within reach. The difficulty lay in the preparatory theory, which was far beyond the level of an advanced class.

In that sense, Isabelle was a savior.

As the director of a magic library, her explanations were easy to understand without ever missing the crucial point.

Light was also a type of electromagnetic wave. The laser-guided magic developed by the Jacobins was an active homing system—a technique that guided a projectile toward a target by observing the wavelength emitted when a laser struck an object.

For that to work, however, one first had to master a laser-search magic called Seeker.

“Ugh! I don’t get it! I don’t get any of this! What is this? In the end, it’s information magic!”

Shirone looked up from the book and cried out in frustration.

The page before him contained an algorithm for equipping Seeker, but to Shirone, it might as well have been written in the language of monsters.

Fleur, who was reading a magic book on the other side of the training ground, clicked her tongue.

“That’s why I told you to choose a magic book while considering the difficulty. We only have a month. Why don’t you give up now and look for something else?”

Shirone looked at Fleur with sullen eyes. He already felt like he was going to die from frustration.

“You said it would be fine at first, Senior.”

“Well, I’m not saying it’s impossible even now. If you work hard, you might be able to do it in a month. But you do have a plan B, don’t you?”

“Hmm, plan B…”

As Fleur said, if he was going to give up, it would be better to do it now.

If he spent any more time on this and failed, he might have to go back to school satisfied with nothing more than the shotgun movement.

“I’ll try to finish it anyway. I’ve already learned a lot thanks to you. Radio waves, too.”

After hearing Shirone’s answer, Fleur closed the magic book she had been reading and stood.

“All right. If that’s what you think, let’s get serious.”

Shirone raised his head to look at Fleur as she approached.

“Right now, the most important thing is Seeker. It’s a linked magic that fuses the laser with the Photon Cannon.”

“Yes. But this is too difficult. I’m weak when it comes to information magic.”

“Algorithms aren’t only used by information wizards. For example, I can use them too.”

“What? You, Senior?”

Shirone narrowed his eyes in disbelief.

Fleur picked up her magic wand and walked to the center of the training ground. Then she struck the ground with the end of the staff and displayed her spell.

“Bonghwangjeong.”

From the crystal ball at the tip of the staff, a huge phoenix rose like smoke and floated into the air.

Since no one entered its range, the firebird remained quiet, merely beating its wings.

Fleur pointed at herself.

“What do you think my major is?”

“Ah, well… aren’t you a fire mage?”

“No. Of course I handle flames, but to be precise, I’m a Zoner.”

Recalling Etella, Shirone tilted his head.

An enormous Spirit Zone that defied common sense and an exceptional sense of reverence were traits associated with Zoners, but Fleur did not seem to have either.

“It’s a specialized major, so you may not know much about it. That’s why, when people hear Zoner, they usually only think of search-type wizards. But a Zoner simply means an expert in the Spirit Zone.”

Fleur raised two fingers.

“Zoners are broadly divided into exploration and manipulation. I belong to the latter—a manipulation wizard.”

“Aha. So you’re manipulating that phoenix.”

“Yes. Bonghwangjeong fires flames at every target inside my Spirit Zone. The reason it reacts far faster than synesthesia is because it borrows the Dawkins algorithm. It’s an automatic reaction of the nerves and mind. The same automatic reaction was what prevented the vampires from attacking the Gold Tower.”

Shirone’s expression darkened.

A Zoner. A special major. A top graduate of the Royal Magic School.

It was because of Fleur that they had been able to precisely balance the golden Spirit Zone.

“The same applies to the exploration type. If the virtue of a battle mage is durability, then a Zoner is someone obsessed with density. But the mind isn’t made of particles, so even if the density is one hundred percent, it doesn’t mean the space is physically full. It means your sixth sense is one hundred percent accurate. That’s why, once you pass ninety-five percent, raising it any further becomes extremely difficult.”

Fleur shifted her wand behind her and paced a few steps away. Shirone turned his head to follow her.

“Of course, if you’re a Zoner, you basically have to aim for one hundred percent. Then, to increase clarity, we use a unit called specific gravity. If an ordinary Spirit Zone is like gas, then a Zoner’s Spirit Zone can reach the specific gravity of liquid, clay, or even rock, depending on their level.”

When Shirone sat down again, Fleur stopped in place and raised a finger.

“Even so, the minimum standard for a Zoner is sixty percent density. The Spirit Zone of an exploration type is incredibly large. If you expand the Spirit Zone to a diameter of two kilometers without entering Immortal Function, the density drops to zero percent. That’s why a Zoner is all about density. Only density.”

In reality, if the density fell to zero percent, a Spirit Zone would not even form. Still, the simple comparison made it easy to understand.

“So how do you search a two-kilometer radius with sixty percent density? That’s where algorithms come in. For example, if you use the Pisaski algorithm, you can search for metal objects within the radius. It detects the reflectance of light, so its efficiency drops at night.”

Shirone was struck by how new it all felt.

If ordinary magic affected the outside world, then algorithms were meta-magic that gave the Spirit Zone a unique function.

It was not the same as schema, but even among wizards, magic designed to act upon magic had been developed.

Just how vast was the world of magic?

His heart began to beat faster.

It was wide. And deep.

Before his eyes lay an enormous playground he would never grow tired of, even if he spent the rest of his life in it.

* * *

With Fleur’s help, Shirone learned the algorithm required to enter Seeker step by step.

Fleur drilled him in the basics, while Isabelle gave him intensive guidance on the advanced and complicated theories.

Time passed quickly. With four days left before he had to leave the Magic Association, Shirone finally completed the preparatory stage.

“Finally. It’s finished.”

After closing the magic book, Shirone collapsed onto his back. Not even at school had he ever studied this hard.

It was not a question of effort. It was a matter of biological limits.

Humans had to sleep eventually, but the Magic Association’s sleep device had overcome even that impossibility.

“I did it. I really did it.”

Shirone muttered in a dazed state. It felt as though steam were rising from his head.

Fleur, who had suffered just as much as Shirone, looked haggard after the month of training.

“…You really are terrifyingly stubborn. I told you we should have given up.”

At first, Fleur had been full of enthusiasm, but once they passed the halfway point, she had gradually reached her limit.

Of course, she still had to handle the association’s work during the day, but even taking that into account, Shirone’s tenacity was astonishing.

“Hehe! How was that? I did it, didn’t I?”

Fleur held on to her last shred of pride.

“No. Do you understand? This was physically impossible for an ordinary person. You’ve only finished the preparatory theory. Therefore, my calculations were correct.”

Shirone admitted that much.

Simply learning the theory did not mean the magic would activate.

Even so, the reason he had clung to laser guidance until the end was because, unlike others, he already possessed Omnipotence.

“Then shall we start soon?”

When Shirone tried to get up, Fleur shook her head.

“No. Absolutely not. You’re resting today.”

“But I don’t have time.”

“No means no! If you practice in that state, you’ll really die. And it won’t just be you. I’ll die too!”

“Then even if I use the sleep device…”

“Not even that! Go to your room right now! If you don’t sleep for more than eight hours today, I won’t help you anymore!”

Fleur shoved Shirone by the back and forced him back to his quarters.

Shirone’s steps were heavy on the way back.

There was no time. His mind was so impatient that he could not even think about his lack of sleep.

“Just a little more. I’ll at least lie down and review.”

Shirone lay on his bed with the laser guidance magic book in hand.

And fell asleep one second later.

The next afternoon—

“Ahhh! This is terrible!”

People passing through the corridor turned their heads at the shout coming from inside the lodging.

The door flew open, and Shirone ran toward the training ground without even washing his hair.

Only three days remained.

If he practiced today and was evaluated tomorrow, he might still achieve the goal he had set.

When he arrived at the training ground, Fleur was already preparing.

Shirone opened his eyes wide. He had overslept, but this should definitely have been the time when Fleur was at work.

“Huh? What happened?”

“Did you sleep well?”

Fleur first checked Shirone’s condition.

“Yes. I slept so much I’m annoyed by it. But what about work?”

“I took vacation leave. For the next three days, I’ll focus on watching you.”

“Ah…”

Shirone’s eyes grew moist.

For an office worker, vacation was the sweetest thing there was, yet she had used it for the sake of her junior’s training. Just for today, she looked like an angel.

“Senior…”

Seeing Shirone approach with a strange expression, Fleur shrank her neck like a turtle and held out a hand.

“What? What are those eyes? Stay away! Gross!”

As Shirone continued to approach, she hurriedly backed away, unable to bear the thought of him touching her. Only after confirming that he had stopped did she speak again.

“Anyway, since we’ve come this far, I need to see you succeed. So let’s do this properly.”

Shirone’s expression turned serious as well.

“Yes. Thank you!”

Training continued until midnight, then extended into the next morning through the power of the sleeping capsule.

They had corrected countless errors in the algorithm overnight, but there was still a long way to go.

“You’ve equipped Seeker for now. Next, let’s properly attempt the fusion. Can you do it?”

“Yes. I’ll try.”

Shirone warmed up his mind with a sequence of numbers, then entered the Spirit Zone.

His eyes widened as the sequence in his head accelerated rapidly.

‘Homing Photon Cannon!’

Eight Photon Cannons appeared around Shirone.

They were pale, beautiful orbs of light.

If there was one difference from before, it was that a red dot had appeared in the center of each sphere.

It was both a laser pointer and Seeker.

“The fusion was successful. Now use the target-aiming algorithm.”

Shirone began manipulating Seeker according to Fleur’s instructions, then spoke with a puzzled expression.

“Um, Senior… what about the target?”

Fleur clapped her hands together.

“Oh, right! Where did I put the experimental drone?”

Fleur rummaged through the box of supplies in the corner of the training ground. Then she turned her head as if an idea had occurred to her.

“No, never mind. I’ll be the target myself.”

She moved along the wall near the box and stood with her back to the eastern wall.

“Senior?”

“Yes. We don’t have time anyway. Let’s skip the trivial steps.”

Even Shirone thought it was efficient.

After he aimed at Fleur with the Spirit Zone, Seeker locked onto her according to the algorithm.

Eight laser points appeared across her body.

Fleur gulped as she stared at the orbs floating in front of her.

The feeling that the Seekers in the centers of the Photon Cannons were staring at her like the eyes of emotionless monsters was truly awful.

‘This… is much scarier than I thought.’

When she slowly leaned to the side, all eight laser points moved at once and followed her.

When she straightened her back again, the Seekers adjusted without hesitation. Goosebumps rose on her skin.

‘It’s only standby magic. It’s already tracking me?’

Shirone, having completed the preparations, said, “Senior, I’m going to start…”

“Wait.”

Fleur held out a hand.

Shirone hastily stopped the magic and stared at her blankly.

Fleur cleared her throat and quietly averted her gaze.

“On second thought, this seems like a bad idea. Let’s just use the drones.”