Chapter 364  
Wave of Rhythm (2)  
~*~

The Ice Queen slowly raised her hand and spoke.  
“You weak humans, kneel before me.”  

Her voice was so sincere that the tourists clapped and cheered.  
“Nice voice! Is that for real?”  
“Hey, my queen! Look over here too! Don’t just stand there—take this chance to shake hands with the Ice Queen… … Ugh!”  

Suddenly, a man grabbed someone by the neck and forced him to his knees. The same thing happened to others at the same time.  

His blood-soaked face was flushed as if it might burst at any moment. He gasped desperately for air, but his breathing grew more and more ragged.  

The only ones still standing normally were Shirone and the others.  

Shirone observed the changes in the people. Before they realized it, necklaces with conical spikes had been fastened around their necks.  

Lyria muttered, frowning.  
“That’s the Law Wheel…?”  

The Law Wheel is an exorcism tool of the rites, shaped to embody the principles of the law. Its effectiveness is maximized the closer it is to a perfect circle.  

Law Wheels obtained from civilians were mere imitations, at best promoting mental and physical stability. However, it was impossible to manufacture the official Dharma Wheel possessed by the ancestral priest unless the arms maker had reached the state of nirvana.  

In Lyria’s eyes, the Law Wheels hanging around the people’s necks were genuine.  

It’s impossible to distinguish the perfection of the Wheel with the naked eye, but priests who have undergone long training can sense its essence with their inner eyes.  

“The Wheel of Redemption. It’s not of this world. You all be careful. If you get swept away by the waves of the law, this is what will happen to you.”  

As all the people affected by the wave of the law lost strength in their legs and fell to their knees, the Law Wheels loosened, and air finally entered their lungs.  

Heavy breathing echoed everywhere.  

“Ouch! Wow! What? Who put this necklace on me?”  
“Hey! Someone please take this off!”  

Watching the terrified, screaming people, Jocre felt a shudder run down her spine.  

The shape of the Law Wheel embodied the Ice Queen’s own memories, but the way it strangled people was a strategy she had devised.  

The Ice Queen could change the rules of the world.  

In fact, Jocre had wondered if this was possible, but seeing everyone kneeling, she was certain now.  

The legend of the Ice Queen, who dominated the era 800 years ago, was true without a single lie.  

‘It’s real! It really is! I never thought a day like this would come for me.’  

At this rate, ruling the world was no longer a dream.  

What’s more, the Ice Queen couldn’t remember anything from her past, probably because she had been in hibernation for 800 years.  

The sorceress who once terrorized the world had become a child who could be won over with a piece of candy.  

‘I will have the Ice Queen.’  

After tidying up her place, Jocre thought of gently coaxing the Ice Queen into becoming her woman.  

It was strange to her that she was dating someone over eight hundred years old, but she felt she could get past that if she coaxed her—and above all, the Ice Queen was beautiful.  

Even compared to Amy, who had dumped her five years earlier, she was no less attractive.  

While lost in her delusion, the Ice Queen turned to Jocre and asked,  
“Is it okay to do this?”  

Jocre smiled with satisfaction at the Ice Queen’s attitude of relying on her by asking about every little thing. But she didn’t want to offend her yet, so she replied, bowing her head as if truly serving her queen.  
“Yes. Everyone will obey the queen.”  

Lyria realized that most of the elements shaping the Ice Queen’s personality were influenced by Jocre.  

She thought, ‘Is the prophecy coming true after all…?’  

As with most Advent myths, this time the Ice Queen would meet a single human and plunge the world into an abyss of evil.  

Shirone looked at the bleak landscape, hundreds of people kneeling, with a tired expression.  
“What is this? I don’t think it’s magic.”  

It was a natural question for those who did not know the law.  

It was not equivalent exchange. There was no way to get the Law Wheel to strangle hundreds of people just for not following orders.  

Even the eating out by Lee Ki-rin, head of the fairy department in heaven, was not so disastrous.  

Dante, who had no time to explain, spoke briefly.  
“It’s an ability called the law. Be careful. That woman has the power to change the rules of the world.”  

“A change in the rules?”  

The first thing Shirone thought of was the Akashic Records. However, no being other than the Infinite Wizard could twist the rules on such a grand scale.  

If so, there was one possibility. It was the case with the Akashic Records from the beginning.  

“Which… is it like a conceptual body?”  

Lyria opened her eyes wide and turned her head away.  

It was impossible to see the spirit body devoted to the human body and grasp its essence unless you were a practitioner of the spiritual system.  

‘This child knows the law…’  

Most people go through their lives unaware that the world operates according to the rules of the whole.  

It was surprising that Shirone was aware of the mechanism of the law, which was handed down to only a few people in the shrine.  

“That’s right. In the first place, it was a mental body that could not be identified. It’s a phenomenon called a demigod. It is impossible for you who do not know the law to defend against it. Don’t stray from me.”  

Amy raised her fist and yelled at Jocre.  
“You! What the hell are you up to?”  

“Ha ha ha! Conquer? Do you still think this is a joke? We will conquer the world.”  

“Stop talking nonsense! Are you serious?”  

Jocre sneered and told the people,  
“Everyone worship the Queen. If you don’t obey, the Queen’s law will kill you.”  

As the Law Wheel tightened around their necks, the black-and-white people put their hands on the floor and groaned. Then they shouted in strained voices.  

“Long live the Queen!”  
“I will follow the Queen!”  

When the faces of those who worshiped the Queen returned to calm, Shirone finally realized the seriousness of the situation.  

The law also applied to Jocre’s instructions. This was because, unlike magic, which logically designates a target, the law rebalances the whole.  

As the praises of the Ice Queen shot through the sky, Jocre felt a pleasure she had never experienced before in her life.  

It was as if they all worshiped her.  

“How? This is my strength. If you come under me even now, I’ll save you from that kind of situation.”  

Jocre expected to see Shirone and the others tremble. However, contrary to her expectations, no one moved—they just watched the situation.  

Dante, with his hands in his pockets, walked out crookedly.  
“Hey, you. How’s your mind? Do you know what you’re doing?”  

“Under! Do you think I’m crazy? You’re welcome! Don’t you know what people are like just by looking at them? You’ll end up like that too.”  

“You just almost killed hundreds of people.”  

The blood drained from Jocre’s face.  
“You want to rule the world? Do you know what that means, or are you just talking? Can you really take responsibility for those words?”  

“Ouch…!”  

Jocre couldn’t answer.  

Becoming the ruler of the world is an ambition every man has had at least once. But when he came back to reality, he was just one human being who hated going to prison and hated dying even more.  

The Ice Queen could change the rules. So if he put her on a leash, she would obey his commands even if she didn’t want to die.  

This was all part of Jocre’s calculated plan.  

But what if she refused?  

They would all become corpses with broken necks.  

Of course, no one wanted to die, but once he imagined it, an unbearable fear took hold.  

‘Can I really conquer the world?’  

As Dante said, he may have been insane for a moment.  

While he was thinking that, he heard Vivian’s voice.  
“Huh! What did that mean? According to us, no one dies! Then you will be the first victim!”  

Jocre looked back at Vivian with a blank expression. Overnight, her eyes had completely changed.  
“How long did you know you were the main characters of the world? We are the ones in control of this situation!”  

‘Vivian…’  

Jocre saw Vivian and realized she was prepared to lose everything to take her one chance at her own life.  

Yeah, she had nowhere else to back down. If she came this far, whatever it was, she would have to put an end to it.  

Because great undertakings require courage.  

Jocre, regaining her composure, walked out, holding out her hand.  
“Get down on your knees, Amy. And apologize to me. Otherwise, I will kill everyone in this room.”  

Shocked by Jocre’s words, the people raised their heads. They already felt the Law Wheel tightening around their necks.  

“Hey! Get on your knees! I’m really going to die like this!”  
“You damn kids! I mean do it quickly! I hope I’m wrong!”  

The tourists didn’t care what Shirone’s party did to Jocre.  

If they didn’t follow the instructions, everyone would die.  

Even if they hadn’t done anything wrong, of course they should obey Jocre.  

“Pray! I’m begging you all! I have a wife and children! It’s nothing!”  
“Please save me! Do as you say!”  

None of Shirone’s party moved.  

If they gave up the initiative here, they would have no choice but to be dragged along in the future according to Jocre’s and the others’ intentions.  

Amy glared at Jocre with cold eyes.  
“Why me? Why do you want me to apologize? Because I didn’t accept your heart?”  

Jocre’s face flushed as Amy poked her in the face.  

She couldn’t find her embarrassed look at the skating rink. This was a battlefield, and caring about personal feelings was a luxury.  

‘It works. Did she really want an apology from me for that? Foolishness…’  

Provoking Jocre didn’t come with a particularly good countermeasure, but to create a variable, you had to shake the opponent.  

According to the plan, Jocre couldn’t hide her embarrassment. Her rage flared up as if her own narrow-mindedness had been exposed.  

“Shut up! If you don’t listen to me, everyone will die! Are you really saying you don’t care if everyone here dies?”  

Dante said,  
“If people die, you killed them. We didn’t do anything. Become a murderer and live on the run for the rest of your life.”  

Dante was sincere.  

To a wizard, distinguishing between good and evil is not a very important issue. In situations where there is no solution, it is better to sacrifice people than to run into the worst.  

“Amy, you don’t have to be swayed by that guy’s words. Because he doesn’t even have the guts to do it.”  

Jocre shouted menacingly.  

“Huh! Is it really so? Really kill me then!”  

Terrified people lashed out at Amy.  
“You damn bitch! Are you really going to kill us all? Get her on her knees! I hope I’m wrong!”  
“Please save me! I’m going to die like this!”  

Amy bit her lip.  

Her judgment was no different from Dante’s. Even if she complied with her opponent’s request, she would only be waiting for a bigger demand.  

However, when pointed out, the lives of hundreds of people were at stake in her judgment, so her blood ran cold.  

“Let’s take some time. I will do as you say.”  

The corner of Jocre’s mouth curled up as Amy approached.  

‘That’s right, what can I do to hold on?’  

Then Shirone grabbed Amy’s shoulder. As Amy looked back in surprise, she saw sparks in Jocre’s eyes.  

“What are you doing? Even if everyone dies, you want to protect your lover’s pride, right?”  

Shirone did not deny it.  
“Yes. There is no reason Amy should obey you.”  

Jocre’s face twisted.  

Is it the cool-headedness of so-called wizards?  

No, it’s arrogance.  

Building up her lover’s pride was not worth more than hundreds of lives.