Chapter 359  
Midwinter Night (2)  
~*~

Lilia answered without hesitation.  
“Just think about it. Evil is anything that rejects good.”  

“Is that so? Then what about this line?”  

“Anything that rejects evil.”  

“… …”  

Lyria explained as if she understood Dante’s silence.  
“You get a lot of questions like that. But I don’t understand them because I try to analyze them in only one way. Logic is, after all, just a way for humans to understand the world. More broadly, it accepts what’s beyond logic.”  

Lilia raised both of her index fingers and crossed them into an X.  
“Good and evil prove their existence by referring to each other. If there was no good, would you know what evil is? Conversely, because there is evil, the concept of good becomes clearer.”  

“Hmm, it seems these two conflicting concepts support each other’s reality.”  

“That’s right. Mages call this the number of the law.”  

“The number of the law?”  

“Every number has a meaning. At first, there was nothing—or infinity. The number representing that is 0. Then something comes into existence with its own name, such as Good, Evil, Dante, and Lyria. That’s 1. That is why the name of the caster must be included in the seal.”  

“Hmm, it’s a proper name. Then what about 2?”  

“The reason you couldn’t define good and evil is because you saw good and evil as 1 each. But if you combine good and evil and create the concept of 2, that becomes the law.”  

Lyria spread her three fingers and continued.  
“Lyria is 1, Law is 2. Therefore, 3 is the number of finding the perfect self in the law. In the sanctuary, this is called the Trinity. Of course, it is difficult to reach the perfect trinity.”  

Lilia’s fingers interlocked to draw a triangle.  
“Everything in this world starts with the number 3. This is the number of the law. It is the true intention of the Akhaenis Shrine and the first hwadu given to the ancestral priest.”  

By using the number of the law, all the principles of the universe can be expressed.  
It was like Dante saving the world with 0s and 1s.  
And this was the insight of the mages.  

Lyria continued.  
“The seal is different from the magic circle. Those who have not refined their minds through endless discipline will never be able to confine evil. That’s why it’s a spiritual power. Of course, for that reason, it is not recognized in the academic world.”  

After organizing his thoughts, Dante nodded.  
“I understand. So what am I going to do from now on?”  

“I think I’ll need help in case the disaster materializes with necromantic sorcery. Once materialized, it will affect reality. You also set up a magic circle and protect me if I ever get into danger. There’s no need to save me, but it’s deadly if the spell breaks before it’s sealed. How long will it take to prepare?”  

“Hmm, not much. Do you think we can start now?”  

When Lyria looked at her curiously, Dante smiled.  
“I don’t like large magic circles. I usually use instant magic circles.”  

Lyria meekly nodded.  
The instant magic circle had the flexibility to deal with unforeseen situations even though its power was low.  
In fact, the priests also exorcised horses with improvised stick margins when the situation was not favorable.  

“Okay. Then let’s begin.”  

As Lyria knelt and prepared to pray, Dante took a step back and prepared for what lay ahead for her.  

“Aura hovering in the air, I bind your hands with the chain of holy power. Hover in place. Turn around. As the entity devotes itself, a thousand masks will all be removed.”  

Lyria’s prayer continued endlessly.  
She pressed on her non-entity by strengthening the will of the entity. Speaking her will through her mouth, increasing her intensity was similar to a verbal command.  

After her mage’s signature, the necromantic marriage ceremony unfolded.  
“In the name of Lyria, I command you to reveal her true identity.”  

Dante expanded the spirit zone and prepared for battle.  
Nothing happened for a minute after that.  
But he did not relax as Lyria was still in a prayerful posture.  

After a while, he felt the ground shake.  
The width of the oscillation was not great, but its radius was enormous. Snow was falling like dust from the ice queen’s castle in the distance.  

‘Sheesh! If you want to come out, come and see me.’  

Dante surrounded himself with a defensive magic circle.  
As time passed, the vibrations gradually grew stronger. However, there was still no sign of reality appearing.  

“Huh… … !”  

A moan escaped Lyria’s mouth.  
She was pushing something of hers into reality with all her might, to the point of squeezing every drop of her spirit out of it.  

Suddenly the scenery flashed blue. And finally, a gigantic electric grid stretched across the night sky.  

Dante raised his head with a tired expression.  
Even at a glance, it was not a network made by humans, but a form made up of unspecified connections between charges.  

“Huh!”  

Lyria let out a rough breath as she bounced her upper body.  
Dante couldn’t figure it out. Is that the reality of the disaster? If so, should I fight?  
No, how the hell do you fight something like that?  

“What? You have to tell me to move.”  

Lyria shook her head with a sorrowful expression.  
“I was mistaken. That’s not a demon. A pure psyche.”  

“Cerebral body? Please explain to me.”  

“It has a neutral will that is not biased toward either side. It cannot be sealed in this state. But it seems to be absorbing the laws of this place quickly.”  

Dante observed the exchange of signals through a network of electromagnetic nets.  
As the patterns increased exponentially, the sky gleamed with blue light.  

‘Damn it, what the hell is this?’  

No two patterns were the same.  
It was proof that the entropy of the information the law was learning was extremely low.  

How could that be?  
The brain of a newborn baby is not so active. This is because learning about nature has already been done at the genetic level.  

“… … not of this world. I’m from another place.”  

There was no other way to explain it.  
To the cerebral body, the information collected here would be of high quality, equivalent to state secrets in terms of human beings.  

Lyria didn’t know about entropy. But to some extent, she had thoughts similar to Dante’s.  
If the mental body were from this world, it could not have been born in such a pure neutral state.  

“Then we have to seal it all the more now! If left alone, it will quickly absorb the evil of this world! I’ll try the stick margin!”  

The moment Lyria knelt down again, a sound came from her sky as if her fingernails were scraping against an iron plate.  
As the sharp sound found its own frequency, it created bizarre sound waves that humans could not produce.  

“I… … who?”  

Dante’s face became serious.  
The question “Who am I?” means that it has a self.  

So what will happen next?  
Before he could organize his thoughts, a simple yet blind shockwave with no personality pierced him to the ground.  

“Shit!”  

Dante installed a defensive magic circle where Lyria was.  
The shockwave from the cerebral body crashed into the ground with tremendous density and spread out in a ring, creating a strong wind.  

Dante was blown away by the strong wind.  

“Dante!”  

Surprised, Lyria ran to Dante.  
Her mental body disappeared into the night sky as if fleeing, but she couldn’t even think of pursuing it.  

“Dante! Dante! Come to your senses!”  

Tears welled up in Lyria’s eyes.  
It was he himself who attracted Dante. Also, he accurately fulfilled his promise to protect her until the end of the pay margin.  
Dante was put in danger by mistaking the identity of the enemy from the beginning.  
If something went wrong, it was all his fault.  

“Aw, that’s the head. I was surprised.”  

At that moment, Dante raised his upper body and touched his hair.  
Lyria looked at him with a blank expression.  

“Dante, are you okay?”  

“Huh, that’s why instant magic circles are so good.”  

Dante spread his palms. A gold coin-sized defensive magic circle was engraved with blue light.  
At the moment of crisis, he summoned the defensive magic circle in the shortest time and split the shockwave.  

Lilia finally understood the situation.  
However, in a fleeting moment when she didn’t even have a second to spare, she wondered if that was possible.  

The strength drained from her body and she sat down from her standing position, hitting her buttocks.  

“Ha, that’s good. Sorry. Do you know how surprised I was when I thought you were dead?”  

“If I was going to die this much, I would have died a hundred times over. What the hell is that anyway? How can the cerebral body make a shockwave?”  

Lyria regained her composure and rose from her seat.  
“Perhaps it is the law. I think it was a defensive instinct that suddenly popped out as it developed an ego.”  

“The law? How can you use the law to produce such monstrous destructive power? It was almost magically powerful.”  

Mages who use the law reinforce the opposite concept to pressure the concept they want to attack.  
Therefore, if magic artificially distorts the phenomenon, the law distorts the phenomenon according to the order of nature.  
That’s why it’s true that it’s not tied to equivalent exchange, but its physical power is inferior to that of magic.  

“Perhaps it is a law that transcends human boundaries. In terms of ‘the number of laws’, if humans accept the law as 2, it is 1 for it. Because it was the law from the beginning. It would have been just a cerebral body for close to eons. Since such a being has materialized, the intensity of the law has no choice but to be different.”  

“That’s why the information entropy was remarkably low. If it exists here, there’s no way it hasn’t appeared until now. Anyway, the lower the entropy, the faster the change will happen.”  

Even if she was unfamiliar with information entropy, Lilia had the same thoughts in terms of lack of time.  

“That’s the problem. We need to catch it ASAP. Since it has materialized, it will surely turn into something that will destroy the world.”  

“But… … Are you still in the early stages? There is no guarantee that it will necessarily turn evil.”  

Lyria firmly shook her head.  
“It is not possible for Poriter to see all the calamities in the world. But once you see the future, it’s never wrong. He said it was an existence that would bring about the end. I assure you, that cerebral body will eventually become evil.”  

“Hmm, that’s right. But… He wouldn’t have known that there was something here unless he was a potter. OK, so what do we do now?”  

Lyria was about to say something but looked at Dante.  
She had some things to correct before she could start the rites in earnest.  

“But you… You are really strong. To be honest, I didn’t expect much help just because you were a student.”  

“What, all of a sudden? Even if you don’t say that, I’ll help you, so don’t worry and tell me the plan.”  

“No, I mean it. As a member of the Spirit Society, I came to perform numerous exorcisms. I fully understand how powerful the shockwave from earlier was. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have made it this far. I would like to express my gratitude on behalf of the Achaeans who follow goodness.”  

Lilia politely put her palms together and bowed her head.  

But Dante didn’t even care.  
“Awesome, thank you. These expressions have been heard so many times since I was young, now I’m going to yawn.”  

“Okay, so that’s settled. What are you going to do now? Since it has already materialized, is it a spirit soul? Wouldn’t that be useless too?”  

“This is a cradle for a newborn cerebrate. I can’t leave it easily. Of course, it’s not a situation to relax.”  

“Hmm, would you rather go outside and ask for help? No one believed in it before, but now you can see the existence of disasters with your own eyes, right?”  

Lyria shook her head with a pitiful expression.  
“Too late. After going to the city, everything will be over. If the mental body enters the stage of intellectual thinking, I can’t hold it.”