Chapter 434  
Final Decision (4)  
~*~

Team Shirone gathered at the park for the first time in a while to discuss their vacation schedule. If the second half of their senior year would be more intense than the first, it was better to prepare a strategy now.

“Last year, I practiced alone, but I found out that some students form teams to do it. So, we thought it would be a good idea to form a group and do camp training.”

It was a realization that only Amy, having already gone through her senior year, could easily make, so her friends reviewed the idea positively.

Iruki raised a finger, a look of concern on his face. “Of course, students with a team have an advantage when it comes to occupying strategic points or engaging in interpersonal combat. But do you know how many finalists there are? There are ten. Even if we team up, we still have to compete against each other to make it into the final ten. In short, how much information should we share?”

If you had a trump card ready, it was natural to want to save it until the graduation exam. If it were a two-person team, it would be close to a miracle for all five to pass, so it was an issue that had to be addressed clearly.

It wasn’t something Amy didn’t understand either.

“I thought so too last year. But you don’t have to use all your vacation days. First, we can gather together and focus on basic training, and then study our special moves alone.”

Amy emphasized that strengthening their teamwork might actually increase their passing rate more than practicing special moves in isolation. The reason was that the current senior class was heavily influenced by Fermi, and Shirone and his party were all marked by him. Since it was unknown what would happen on the day of the graduation exam, the only way to reduce variables was to stick together.

“I think Amy is right.”

Nade unconditionally agreed.

Actually, the graduation exam itself was fine, but training with friends was thousands of times more enjoyable than enduring months in a terrible hometown.

“How about this? Let’s run a short-term training camp for about a month, but let’s borrow the senior class system. We’ll set goals for each day and score each other.”

Iruki nodded as if he understood. “You mean to keep up with the senior class routine. That’s a good way. In a short amount of time, you can increase your achievement level, and in the remaining time, you can practice your own special moves.”

Even as various opinions were presented, Shirone kept his mouth shut. He just kept his friends’ faces in his eyes one by one.

Nothing had been decided yet, but the feeling was strange.

If he had to think of something in the last moments of his life, it would be the faces of his friends gathered here right now.

“Yes? Maya, are you sick?”

Shirone looked back at Maya and asked in surprise.

Maya’s complexion was poor. Her face was pale with fright, and her chest rose and fell wildly as if she were struggling to breathe.

Nade, who belatedly noticed Maya’s condition, asked anxiously. “Are you okay, Maya? Shall I take you to the infirmary?”

Maya quickly shook her head. Then, as if she had snapped out of a daze, she raised her head and looked straight at Shirone.

“Shirone.”

“Yes?”

“I love you.”

Silence fell over the park bench.

Nade opened his mouth, and Iruki quickly blinked. Amy was the only one waiting for Shirone’s reaction with a calm expression.

Shirone glared at Maya and swallowed hard.

It wasn’t a joke this time. Her emotions, which had fallen like drops of water every day, had formed a lake in her heart before she even realized it.

“Uh, there… Shall we get out of the way?”

Maya shook her head again and said, “I didn’t think I would be able to summon up the courage twice, so I wanted to say it in front of everyone. I’m sorry, Shirone. But I fell in love with you. Please accept my heart.”

Maya took a letter out of her pocket. It smelled like flowers.

“Can you read it?”

After handing the letter to Shirone, she averted everyone’s gaze and stood up from the bench.

“I will hear the answer then.”

Nade looked at Amy as Maya left, leaving behind unknown words. Even in this situation, Amy’s face remained an undisturbed poker mask.

Amy walked behind the bench and peeked out from over Shirone’s shoulder. “I envy you. Getting a confession from a woman. What is written on it?”

It would be rude to return Maya’s heartfelt letter. However, considering the delicate relationship between Shirone and Amy, it was a problem that could not be said to be absolutely necessary to handle right then.

When Shirone hesitated, Amy smiled and tapped him on the shoulder. “It’s a joke. What’s so serious? You knew Maya liked you.”

“No, it’s too sudden…”

“Go to your room and read it to yourself. Read it two or three times. Then you can do whatever you want. Maya is a good kid. I’ll go first. I’ll see you tomorrow. Hi.”

Amy sighed and left without a moment to catch her breath. It was only her face that was calm; her voice was tight, and her behavior was awkward.

“Hey, what are you going to do? Is there anyone who has decided?”

Shirone held the letter and looked into the distance.

Amy and Maya. They were both so good that he couldn’t even think of hurting either of them.

*Now I have to make a decision.*

Maybe Maya’s confession was a good thing.

Heaven or humanity, he wondered if it was something that had to be sorted out first before discussing such grandiose issues.

“Nade, Iruki. I have a favor to ask you.”

* * *

The afternoon of the next day.

Shirone entered the principal’s office.

Alpheas silently pointed to the library and opened the secret door.

When he went down the stairs to his room, both expected and unexpected people were waiting for him.

The former were Gaold and Fleur; the latter were Etela and Shiina.

“Teacher?”

“You’re here, Shirone.”

Shiina’s face didn’t look good.

Having heard everything about the existence and danger of heaven, and the people involved in the dark side of this incident, she couldn’t help but feel it.

Shirone realized why Gaold had come to Alpheas.

Now that his limbs had been amputated, there were not many people he could turn to for help. If he was a teacher at Alpheas Magic School, he would have enough power.

“You must have had a hard time alone. Now the teachers will protect you, so don’t worry too much.”

Etela, the Bishop of the Monastery of Karsis, would not fail to take action in the face of the fate of mankind, but Shiina’s decision this time was solely for Shirone’s sake.

There was no room to reveal Shirone’s life, feelings, or dignity in a world-scale event. With the heart of a teacher who only cared about the safety of her students, Shiina willingly chose to go to heaven.

“Teacher…”

Was it sad without realizing it?

The days of having nightmares because of the fear that his life would be destroyed by a sudden incident, and the fear that he might be caught and executed by the NIS, passed by like a kaleidoscope.

“Are you here? Called to share all information as per the terms of the contract. Open Eastas today and meet Miro. It will be impossible to have a conversation in samadhi, but it is something you must check before going to heaven.”

Gaold’s voice reminded him.

This was the first reunion with Miro in twenty years. He also knew that it could be his last day seeing her.

“But can we go on like this? I don’t know if there are still agents left.”

The NIS had set up a barricade around Eastas and searched the warehouse to find the ‘upper level’, which was said to contain the space-time of the maze.

Although he had made a fuss and turned away, the possibility that he was still hiding could not be ruled out.

“Hey, it’s okay. It doesn’t matter if you came all the way here, right?”

Gaold left the room proudly.

When the wizard known to be the strongest in Tormia acted as if there was no problem, others followed without a sound.

After crossing the barricade of Eastas, ninety-eight warehouses were scattered like dismantled blocks. Operation was stopped at the highest level of isolation.

“Nothing has changed here.”

Gaold opened the lid of the Istas’ instrument panel.

At that time, his hands were wandering because he didn’t know which one to touch first, when ten National Intelligence Service agents came out from the back of the building.

“Mikea Gaold, under the Kingdom Security Law, you are arrested for treason.”

Shirone hurriedly prepared for battle.

When his fears became reality, he realized how foolish he had been in following Gaold.

It had been overlooked that even a first-class archmage was basically insane.

How could he have left such an easy judgment to Gaold? As if possessed by something.

Gaold wasn’t even looking at the agents; he was examining the instrument panel.

“Hmm, how did you manipulate this? Hey, was it the red button?”

A cold voice came from behind the agents.

“It’s the blue button, you idiot.”

The agents split left and right, and a man walked out.

The moment he looked at him, Shirone felt goosebumps all over his body.

The man’s hair was completely white, he had no eyebrows, and his thin lips were indistinguishable from his skin.

Most bizarre were his amber eyes. The irises were ticking like the gears of a clock.

“Ah, right, it was blue, right? As I get older, I keep blinking.”

The man ignored Gaold’s words and walked towards Alpheas. Then, in what seemed like a perfect isokinetic motion, he bent his back.

“How are you, Headmaster?”

“Yes. It’s been a while, Sein.”

“Se? Sein?”

Only then did Shirone look away from the agents.

One of the first members of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society that Gaold had mentioned before. He was also the creator of the Master Equation of Istas.

Etela gently placed her hand on Shirone’s shoulder and pointed at the agents.

“Shirone, look at them with synesthesia.”

Following Etela’s instructions, Sein’s Spirit Zone split into tentacles, and he could feel that he was connected to all the NIS agents.

“Mind control?”

“Right. That is the highest level of mind control.”

If they came from the NIS, the force of the agents would be more than average. Also, due to the nature of their job, it had to be seen that there was resistance training in the mental system.

A person who succeeded in mind control on such people with 100% probability.

He had heard from Arin that in order to be able to do that, concentration equivalent to twenty times the opponent’s mental strength was required.

Eastas started to hum.

Gaold released his hand from the blue button and introduced Sein to Shirone, still looking at the instrument panel. This was also included in the contract.

“Sein is a Servant and a spirit-type mage. He currently works under the pseudonym Snake in Black Line. After all, he’s a red-lined triple-A offender. Get your autograph.”

“A black line?”

Shirone glanced sideways at Sein with an uneasy expression.

The Black Line was a group of people who denied the taboos of magic and used magic only out of personal conviction.

It was different from simply killing and harassing people.

It could be seen just by looking at the fact that even Arcane, the villain of the world, was located at the end of the red line spectrum.

Arius of the 7 Magical Girls, who illegally infiltrates the human mind and steals intellectual property, is classified as a risk factor that can collapse the social system.

“Usually, in the Black Line, if I were to pick the strongest spirit type, I would pick two people. One is Madou 7 Girls’ Kitaruman, and Snake. Our team will take the order. Of course, I am the commander.”

Sein snorted.

“The bullshit is still there. Did you really become an idiot for playing house at the association? The reason a guy like you can even imitate a commander is because my orders are accurate.”

*He has a similar personality to Iruki…*

Shirone saw Iruki’s arrogance in Sein.

He wondered if his confidence in himself would peak as if he lived with superhuman computational abilities.

Rate This Chapter

We hope you enjoyed this chapter!

Your feedback is important. Please take a moment to rate this chapter and share your thoughts.

Rating:
