Chapter 443  
Task Force (5)  
~*~

“It’s okay to talk, Shirone. Because it’s just a home. We will listen and judge.”

Encouraged by Zulu’s words, Shirone repeated the explanation he had given Gaold earlier.

“First of all, it’s magic based on Ataraxia.”

“Of course it is.”

Starting with Ataraxia gave them even a one percent chance of destroying Heaven.

“The casting direction will be set to the sky. That’s why we spread a magic circle over the target’s head.”

“Hoo? Is it the sky?”

It was definitely the beginning of a unique approach.

As everyone’s expectations rose, Shirone continued.

“Ataraxia is a trigger magic, so the range isn’t fixed. I thought shooting it straight up into the sky would be the most effective way to maximize that advantage.”

“Understood. Then… what are you going to shoot?”

“A laser.”

“A laser?”

Everyone present knew what a laser was, but the sky was too empty to destroy anything with it.

“Yes. I will amplify the linearity of the laser with Ataraxia and shoot it as high as possible.”

Fleur asked, “If it’s aimed at a high place, how high are we talking?”

“Well, it’s a simple calculation, but roughly… about 6,000 kilometers.”

“Six, six thousand?” Shiina echoed.

“With a laser, it’s possible. Because it’s a single, straight wavelength. If you combine Ataraxia’s amplifying power with the trigger characteristic, higher altitudes are definitely achievable. So, Shirone?”

Shirone began to explain in earnest.

“At an altitude of 6,000 kilometers, we will cast a dark ball through the laser’s information transmission method. It compresses God particles to a high degree, and if you use Ataraxia, you can generate a mass of about 10 tons on a planetary scale.”

*Clang!*

Sein’s Iron Wheel quickly returned.

Even after listening to this, the full scope of Shirone’s plan began to click into place.

In his head, all sorts of formulas began to compute in a complicated but precise manner.

Shirone spread his arms wide.

“Perhaps a form of creativity? Actually, the shape isn’t important, but based on omnipotence, it seems so. A spear shaped from light, weighing 10 tons, is born. And that…”

Said Sein, who had finished the calculation.

“…is falling.”

“Yes. That’s all.”

That’s all.

And everyone was speechless.

A much simpler mechanism than anyone might have expected.

But surprisingly, it contained enough conceptual weight to destroy Heaven.

“But is it really possible?”

Gaold turned to Sein at Fleur’s question. From now on, it was up to his Servant brain to judge.

“It is possible,” said Sein.

“Simply put, a mass of 10 tons falls from an altitude of 6,000 kilometers. If Heaven’s gravity is similar to this world’s, it will take about 14 minutes to reach the surface. The mass will accelerate further under gravitational pull, and when it reaches terminal velocity, it will be moving at over 14 kilometers per second.”

Fleur’s eyes widened.

“Fourteen kilometers per second?”

If it moved at 14 kilometers per second, it would be impossible to respond from the moment it entered their line of sight.

And the result was a quantification of the power delivered by a 10-ton spear piercing at Mach 41.

“It will be exactly like that. Even if only the kinetic energy generated there is converted into explosive yield, it amounts to approximately 2.19 million kilobusters. It’s a figure that exceeds Heaven’s durability. If it strikes Arabot in the center, all seven heavens will be razed to the ground.”

If it was Sein’s words, there would be no error in the calculation.

Even so, no one could fully internalize the figures that had just been presented.

2.19 million kilobusters?

It was beyond common sense that a boy who was still only a student could wield such power.

“Hey, how are you? I told you it was insane magic,” Gaold said.

“You know what I liked the most when I first heard this? There are no awkward assumptions. There is a clear distinction between what can be done and what cannot be done. At most, I thought the senior-year guy would talk nonsense, but that wasn’t the case. It is not Shirone’s magic that destroys Heaven.”

Sein said, “Universal gravitation. The gravity of the planet draws in the spear and destroys Heaven itself.”

“That’s right. Those who worshiped the gods will eventually perish at the hands of the gods. It’s called ‘God’s Punishment’.”

Shirone turned to Gaold.

“I was going to do it with Shining Spear?”

“The name doesn’t matter. Anyway, the problem is the trajectory, the landing point, and the timing.”

Sein said, “That I can calculate. I’ll make a chart as soon as we get to Heaven. In three days or so, we’ll have a good idea of the planetary motions, so we’ll just have to set the launch time then.”

Everyone began to articulate new strategies and tactics to accommodate the new parameters.

God’s Punishment had such a powerful ripple effect that the project’s strategy was completely changed.

While everyone was having a heated discussion, only Shiina was looking at Shirone happily.

Gaold seemed to like that God’s Punishment used the nature of the natural world, but Shiina thought the opposite.

They all knew that dropping 10 tons from an altitude of 6,000 kilometers had tremendous destructive power.

But the reason no one was trying it was because lifting 10 tons required potential energy equivalent to kinetic energy.

Therefore, God’s Punishment was Shirone’s magic, not universal gravitation.

The laser is amplified by Ataraxia, and information is transmitted to Godot, where it activates God particles to gather mass.

Looking at the results alone, it was a simple mechanism, but it was an application that would have been impossible for Shirone, who started from a blank slate, without a perfect understanding and analysis of what he had.

‘You’ve squeezed out every last drop.’

The best result that was created after compressing the ideas in my head like diamonds so that there is no gap.

That’s why Shiina was able to sincerely congratulate the disciple on his great leap.

“But there are conditions,” said Shirone, cutting off the heated discussion.

“Ataraxia was given to me by Archangel Ikael. Therefore, you must meet Ikael before casting this spell. And I know it was a contract.”

No one was foolish enough to break a contract between team members.

However, it was human nature to want to turn a blind eye for a while at the point of obtaining the extremely high-efficiency weapon of God’s Punishment.

No matter how cool-headed the old man was, the same was true.

In order for Divine Punishment to be activated, Ikael must be brought into contact with Shirone.

Depending on the situation, it may be very easy, or it may be impossible.

Regardless of the level of difficulty, Sein did not like that uncertainty.

“I will keep the contract. Also you deserve our help. But is that really the only option? If you give up on Ikael, I might do something similar to that. For example, with the assumption that all of us will be wiped out, we will prioritize your survival.”

If you can get rid of the uncertainty, that’s better.

That was the extent of the contingency plan Sein had considered for the mission.

“Nope. I won’t meet Ikael until it puts everyone in danger. But if it’s not dangerous, there’s no need for God’s punishment. Even so, if it becomes dangerous, then there is enough motivation to meet Ikael. Please know that in such a limited situation, there is no need to bind Ikael and God’s Punishment with other restrictions.”

“Hmm, that’s what it meant.”

If it’s a situation that will destroy heaven, it means that the situation has already been cornered.

If even a small probability was to be caught, the case of Shirone meeting Ikael was also considered.

“Great. I will be content with the safety of my teammates being independent of Ikael’s involvement.”

It was the best line that Sein and Shirone could come to an agreement on.

* * *

The next morning.

Ten members of the team gathered in front of Guffin’s door.

The chief of Kergo, Mahatu, and the priests surrounded them, and the warriors gathered in two columns to see off the Heaven Expedition.

When Shirone opened the Immortal Function, Guffin’s door disintegrated into particles and turned into a huge space-time tunnel.

While everyone was shouting Ankera, Gaold moved on with an annoyed expression.

Maybe it’s a return to the beginning of everything.

“I will destroy your gods.”

Raising his terrifying eyes, Gaold pushed himself into the black orb without hesitation.

Mikea Gaold – Red Line 1st Class Archmage

Powerful: Transcendent self-denial

Position: Commander

Kang Nan’s expression as he watched Gaold disappear was indifferent, but his heart was throbbing like never before.

‘The end of 20 years. Whatever happens, it must end here. I will definitely, definitely finish it.’

Ahoya Kang Nan – the last descendant of the wolf tribe

Powerful Skill: Ram Muay Strike

Position: Tank

Sein recalled the Day of Judgment of the 20 in front of Guffin’s door.

Since Miro left, Gaold has become a crippled person, but Sein was jealous of him for being able to be insane.

Those were the days of running madly for the sake of the labyrinth.

‘You just need to find a maze. You don’t have to worry about anything other than that. Even if the world ends… … .’

Sein’s body fell into the black sphere.

‘I save the labyrinth.’

Castro Sein – Black Line’s Strongest Mental Wizard

Powerful skill: Anti-magic through Iron Eyes

position: order

Zulu kept nothing. He has no longing for life and no fear of death.

If today’s work is also just a point in a huge cycle, you just have to leave your body and mind to the flow.

‘You have to empty it without regret. There is life in death.’

Zulu-Red Line 1st Class Summoning Mage

Power: Summon Lich

Position: Utility

Armin looked back at Shiina in front of Guffin’s door.

Just seeing Shiina by his side made his heart ache.

‘I’m sure you did too.’

He could understand a little how she felt about having to watch Shiina as a loving couple.

‘But it was for you. Even to prove it, I will stand by your side.’

Armin turned quickly as if to erase his thoughts and disappeared through the Guffin’s door.

Even if the end of the world was beyond this, there was no reason to hesitate.

‘Shiina, wherever you go… … .’

Generaid Armin – Former Ivory Tower Time Mage

Powerful: Stop

Position: Crowd Control

It was only after Armin disappeared that Shiina’s eyes turned into sadness.

She had once dreamed of becoming a wizard alongside her brother, while he had wanted to see the countless beauties of the world.

What she had dreamed of since childhood had become a reality, but why wasn’t she happy?

‘No, let’s not think about it. It’s foolish to be sentimental before a mission. I just need to do what I can.’

Olifer Shiina – Red Line Certified 5th Class Wizard

Power: Absolute Zero

Position: Main Dealer

Quan looked at Shiina’s back as she walked away.

As a swordsman, the lives of all nine people were beyond his own death.

Perhaps the probability that he would return alive was slightly higher than the possibility that all 10 people would miraculously return to life.

Even so, the reason he didn’t feel dirty was probably because he wanted to protect someone for the first time.

‘Is this my grave?’

A cool smile appeared on Quan’s lips as he turned to Saji.

Farka Quan – Certified Level 6 Swordsman, Kaizen Swordsmanship School Instructor

Powerful: Movement Control

Position: Hitman

‘Master, give me strength.’

Etella closed her eyes and fell into a short meditation.

After being defeated by Arcane, her sense of duty, which had been polished after polishing, was burning like never before.

The moment Karcis Jung’s warm voice, telling her to become the light of the world, rushed into her head like a roar, her eyes flashed.

‘Destroy evil. That is my mission.’

Romi Etella – Certified 6th Class Wizard, Searcher Jonah, Bishop of the Karsis Monastery

Powerful Skill: Yin-Yang Wave Fist Thousand Arms Guanyin Lightning Strike

Position: Sub Dealer

“Whoa. Whoa.”

Fleur did everything she could to keep the adrenaline in check.

Joining the world’s best wizard team as a professional wizard was an honor beyond compare.

‘You can’t show clumsiness. Let’s believe what she’s been doing. Yes, I am Ravid Fleur. You can do it!’

No matter what hardships she faced, she would definitely succeed in her mission.

After countless vows as if engraved in her heart, she finally took her first steps at the Guffin’s door.

‘For me, death is also an honor. I’m just doing my best not to be a nuisance to everyone.’

Ravid Fleur – Certified 8th grade wizard, manipulator Jonah

Power: Bonghwangjeong

Position: Supporter

Shirone watched until the end as all the team members left for Heaven. And he looked back as if looking back at the years gone by.

Life so far passed by like a kaleidoscope.

‘Hello everyone.’

At the end of life, we meet the beginning of life.

For Shirone, this journey meant just that.

Now come, there can be no fear.

Even if he lost everything, he thought of pouring everything into Heaven so that he wouldn’t regret today’s judgment.

“Go, messenger of God.”

Receiving Mahatu’s greeting, Shirone passed the warriors’ path and arrived at the Guffin’s Gate.

The tunnel of dark spheres did not show what was beyond. Just like everyone’s future, only distant uncertainty lingered around.

‘From now on, I won’t even look back!’

Shirone opened his eyes and ran into the Guffin’s door.

The space-time barrier distorted with powerful force swallowed Shirone and threw him into a world that humans could never reach.

Arian Shirone – Alpheas Magic School Senior Class

Powerful: Amplification magic using Ataraxia

Position: Terminator
