Chapter 405  
One More Step (2)  
~*~

Shirone lowered his gaze to the evaluation sheet.

The master difficulties for countless items were listed one after another.

‘So I was still an amateur.’

After all the real battles he had been through, he had thought there were areas where he had reached a professional level. Those experiences had certainly helped him grow.

But that was not the same as being a professional.

It did not matter that his Photon Cannon was faster and more powerful than other spells of the same class. It did not matter who he could defeat, or that no one else could imitate Ataraxia.

The Association was telling him the truth through this evaluation sheet.

If you could not do at least this much, then you were nothing more than an amateur who had been lucky enough to obtain a special battery.

—You’re badly unbalanced.

He seemed to hear Flew’s voice.

A senior graduate of the Royal Magic School and a certified 8th-class Joner.

Among the many 8th-class mages in the world, Flew occupied a special position. She was someone who kept much of herself hidden, but when it came to magic, she judged with a cold standard and never spared bitter criticism.

Shirone felt as if he finally understood how she had seen him when they had first met.

Unless he conquered all twenty items on the evaluation sheet, he would remain an amateur in her eyes.

‘Senior, for some reason, I miss you today.’

A smile touched his lips as he imagined Flew getting goosebumps and recoiling in horror if she heard that.

“Have you made your decision?” Collie asked. “Whatever you choose, follow your own judgment.”

If he changed his major, the difficulty would be understandable. Since he had already learned all the basic cells, he might be able to earn a higher score depending on how much effort he put in.

However, after seeing the world beyond graduation through the Magic Association, Shirone knew there would be no point in doing that.

“I’ll do this,” he said. “Particles of God. Please register it as my major.”

Collie did not forget to ask one more time.

“Are you sure? Once the evaluation is entered, it can’t be reversed.”

“Yes, I’m sure. Even if I don’t get a high score, I won’t regret it.”

No regrets.

Because this was his magic, and his life.

“Understood. Then I’ll register it that way. Good luck.”

“Yes. I’ll do my best.”

Shirone bowed politely and left Collie’s room.

Iruki and Nade were waiting in the hallway.

Iruki, ranked twenty-second in the graduating class, had just finished his interview, while Nade, ranked thirtieth, still had to wait.

Nade asked anxiously, “How was it? Do you think it’s doable?”

Shirone answered with a bitter smile that said more than a hundred words.

Iruki, who seemed to be in better spirits, waved his evaluation sheet. It had been crumpled and smoothed out several times already.

“The master difficulty for the explosive power item is fifty kilobusters in twenty seconds. In short, it means blowing up a fruit shop every twenty seconds.”

Nade could not treat it like someone else’s problem. As an unlocker, his specialty was electric magic, and its difficulty was no less absurd than detonation magic.

“Are they insane?” Nade said. “Do they really think that’s possible at a student level?”

Shirone felt the same way.

“Maybe it isn’t. But if someone does pass, then there’s no discrimination in the standard. We can’t really complain.”

“There’s definitely a huge gap between Level 9 and the master difficulty,” Iruki said. “If it were just nine points, we might be able to make an estimate. By the way, Shirone, you’re surprisingly calm. Are you confident?”

Shirone shook his head.

“No. I’m not confident at all. But it’s something I have to do.”

Iruki and Nade silently agreed.

As Shirone said, it was something they had to do.

After all, they were aiming to become the best mages. What sense would it make if they could not even master their own majors?

‘Of course it wouldn’t.’

Nade kept that thought to himself.