Chapter 387  
Magic Association (5)  
~*~

The anti-terrorism squad fixed Shirone with bitter glares.

It was only natural. To them, he was an excellent shield for the terrorists. From the hostage’s point of view, however, there was nothing more regrettable.

The terrorist holding Shirone, the large man with the flail, possessed tremendous physical strength. The moment Shirone realized he could not break free without using magic, impatience began to creep in.

‘What do I do? Am I really going to die like this?’

Just then, Fleur pushed her way through the anti-terrorism squad and appeared. Even with his life on the line, Shirone flinched when he saw her glaring at him like she was ready to split him in half.

‘Why is Ms. Fleur here?’

Fleur pointed at him and shouted.

“Hey!”

Every member of the Black Revolution turned to look at her. An unexpected situation was never a good thing.

The terrorist holding Shirone asked in a threatening voice, “Hey, who is that woman?”

“Uh, she’s… for now, she’s with me.”

Fleur continued, furious.

“Are you out of your mind? I told you to go to the alchemy shop. What are you doing here?”

Shirone hesitated, unsure whether he should answer.

Of course she had a right to be angry. But bringing that up in the middle of a hostage crisis made no sense.

‘Why is she doing this? Something’s strange.’

While Shirone was still thinking, Fleur pressed him even harder.

“I specifically ordered you to buy parts for the Magic Control Device! Because of you, these poor people got hurt! How are you going to take responsibility?”

Shirone’s eyes flashed.

‘Magic Control Device?’

Now that he thought about it, Fleur’s eyes were tense in a way they usually were not.

‘Ah. It’s a code.’

Putting the pieces together, the message was roughly this:

The Magic Control Device would be disabled. He was responsible for the hostages.

‘We have one chance. But when?’

Fleur could not tell him that much. It was possible to create any number of code words, but if the message became too long, the terrorists would grow suspicious. And even if she tried to specify the timing, it could actually become dangerous in an operation where success or failure would be decided in an instant.

From that moment on, Shirone began preparing his mind. There was no clearly defined time. The key was not to miss the opportunity the instant the Magic Control Device was destroyed.

On the roof of an eight-story building two hundred meters from the Gold Tower, a gunner aimed at the tower with a crossbow loaded with magic bullets. Unlike an ordinary crossbow, its stock was long enough to brace against the shoulder, and it used a trigger mechanism.

As the gunner blew a bubble with his chewing gum, a voice came through his communication device.

—Alpha. Can you hear me?

“This is Alpha. Awaiting sniping orders. Over.”

—Orders received. Detonate the Magic Control Device inside the Gold Tower.

The bubble on Gunner’s lips popped.

Even in a hostage situation, blowing up the Magic Control Device did not seem like something that could be avoided.

—You have one chance. Do not miss.

Gunner stopped thinking and fixed the Magic Control Device within the crossbow’s sight.

Strategy belonged to the brain. Combat belonged to the muscles. He was the nerves of the anti-terrorism squad.

As he recalled the Gold Tower’s interior blueprint, the lines in his mind rose into planes and quickly formed a three-dimensional structure. It rotated freely as he calculated the trajectory.

The Magic Control Device was built into the wall, so it could not be seen with the naked eye. He had to rely on the map in his head.

“Roger that.”

Fleur, having exchanged a glance with Shirone, gently bit her lower lip. There were too many uncertain variables. Above all, even if the Magic Control Device was destroyed, there was no guarantee that Shirone could evacuate the hostages.

‘Please. You have to do something. If you make one mistake, it’s over.’

Shirone desperately began altering the shape of his mind in advance.

The method he had chosen was Mass Teleport, a collective teleportation. The moment the Magic Control Device was destroyed, he would take the hostages and escape.

‘Can I make it in time?’

He had to bypass the terrorists and lock only the hostages inside his Spirit Zone. Since the shape required was bizarre, extending unevenly in all directions, he needed to tune his mind beforehand. For a spirit-type mage like Arin, it might have been easy, but for Shirone, whose strength lay in durability, it took a considerable amount of time.

‘It’s harder than I thought. Nothing can happen right now.’

Meanwhile, Gunner finished preparing to snipe. The rhythm of his gum chewing slowed at regular intervals, and at last, he began to crush it slowly between his teeth.

Slowly.

Little by little, as the gum flattened, his trigger finger curled.

Click.

The moment his teeth met, the trigger was pulled. With a sharp ping, the magic bullet shot forward at the speed of a swallow snatching an insect from the air.

‘Just a little more. Just a little more!’

Shirone poured everything he had into reshaping his mind. At the same time, he could not help but remain conscious of what was happening around him.

A flash of light passed above the heads of the anti-terrorism squad. Something cut through the air, swept past Shirone, and pierced through the front entrance.

The sharpened iron magic bullet drove into the wall beside the safe and struck the board of the Magic Control Device. Electricity burst from the bullet, melting the wires, and the overheated device exploded with a roar.

‘Now!’

Shirone opened his eyes wide and entered the Spirit Zone. The hostages, including Arya, were captured inside an irregular, amoeba-like zone.

“What! What happened?”

The members of the Black Revolution panicked at the sudden attack. But they were trained as well, and it did not take them long to regain their composure.

“How dare you fool us!”

The moment the flail came down toward Shirone’s head, his eyes opened fully. His body turned into light, and at the same time, every hostage was enveloped in photonization magic.

‘Mass Teleport!’

Countless flashes of light rose at once, then bent like dragons and escaped out of the Gold Tower.

Shirone arrived twenty meters away from the main gate. He had wanted to get farther away, but since he did not know the geography of the area, the space within his line of sight was his limit.

After confirming the number of hostages, Shirone used Armand and rated control to cut their ropes. Near the Gold Tower, the riot squad was arresting the terrorists.

Their identities were now revealed: werewolves, underground people, goblins, and others of various races.

The giant with the flail belonged to a family known as Forest Keepers. With his prominent jaw, he let out a deep scream like the blare of a brass instrument as the knights twisted his arms behind him.

‘One person is missing.’

Only seven terrorists had been captured. When Shirone checked each of them with his eyes, he did not see the one they had called captain.

“Aagh!”

At the scream from above, Shirone raised his head.

Fleur was floating in the air, her magic wand poised as if she had just struck something. A transparent object crashed to the ground with a thud. A moment later, the leader appeared, limbs pressed against the ground as his beaten back trembled.

Fleur landed as lightly as a feather.

“Where do you think you’re running?”

“Keugh! You annoying wizard!”

The captain clutched his chest and tore off his robe.

A man’s face with pale purple skin was revealed. He was bald, his ears jutted out like knives, and sharp fangs showed between his clenched teeth.

“Now that it’s come to this, I’ll kill you before I leave.”

“So you were a vampire after all.”

The ability to make one’s body invisible for a short time was unique to vampires. However, since he did not suffer even under direct sunlight, he was not pureblood.

‘Well, if he were pureblood, no one here would be able to attack him.’

Without taking her eyes off the vampire, Fleur spoke to the riot squad.

“I’ll handle him. Block his escape routes. Vampires are good at running away.”

The riot squad immediately sealed off the path to the Gold Tower. They knew that if they moved carelessly, the vampire would slip away.

Fleur swung her magic wand out of habit, then gripped the end of the staff and aimed it forward.

“Come on, kid.”

“You arrogant girl!”

Claws like blades protruded from all ten of the vampire’s fingers. His body blurred into an afterimage as he moved through space like a torrent.

Vampires were fast. It was not due to muscle strength, but to the power of their unique incarnation technique, half-body half-soul.

Fleur’s eyelids lowered halfway, her gaze flicking left and right.

Clack!

As she twisted her body and thrust out her magic wand, it intercepted the vampire’s claws.

“Ghh! This…!”

“You look ridiculous. A mongrel can’t be faster than the synesthesia of the Spirit Zone.”

“Shut up! Shut up!”

The vampire swung his claws dozens of times per second.

A sharp screech rang out as Fleur retreated. The vampire circled around her at a speed too fast to see. Fleur abandoned the attempt to follow his movements and slammed her magic wand into the ground.

“Bonghwangjeong.”

A huge firebird rose from the crystal ball and spat fireballs in every direction.

The phoenix, resonating with the Spirit Zone, fired at everyone within its radius. It could not distinguish friend from foe, but in terms of reflexive response, it overwhelmed even synesthesia.

“Aagh!”

The vampire took a fireball directly and rolled across the floor, his body burning. By the time the flames died out, he had no strength left to move.

Fleur pressed the tip of her magic wand against his stomach.

“You can endure the sun, but not fire. Submit to the aura quietly.”

“Stop talking nonsense! Do you know anything about our suffering? Do you understand the misery of living in the gutter?”

“No. Humans can’t even save other humans. I don’t have the energy to look into your circumstances.”

“You foolish, arrogant humans! I was human once too. How long do you think you can rule the world? One day, you will pay a terrible price.”

“Maybe someday. But not now.”

“Kuh, is that so?”

The vampire’s body began to split apart like a jigsaw puzzle. At the grotesque change, Fleur pulled back her wand and took a step away.

“What…?”

“This is the result you created!”

Hundreds of black bats burst from the vampire’s body and flew toward the hostages, swarming through the air.

Fleur immediately aimed her magic wand. But she could not use Bonghwangjeong where the hostages were gathered.

“Kyaaaagh! Help us!”

The hostages shrieked and clung to one another as they saw the swarm of bats coming.

At that moment, Shirone stepped into their path and lowered his fist.

‘Broad!’

Puff, puff, puff, puff!

A curtain of light pulsed in rapid succession, knocking away every bat. As the bats bounced off the barrier and tangled together, the vampire returned to his original form and rolled across the ground.

“Quaaaaagh!”

The vampire’s fingers stretched weakly toward the sun, slowly opening.

When he finally stopped moving, the emergency services rushed in and arrested him.

The hostages slowly opened their eyes. One by one, the terrorists were being transported into the steel prison.

“It’s done. They arrested all of them.”

“It’s over! We’re alive!”

The hostages cheered and clapped.

The applause was for Shirone. He had entered as a hostage, bought time, and even brought the situation to an end. It was only natural that they treated it as a remarkable achievement.

“That was incredible! Justice really is alive!”

“What courage! You deserve to work at the Magic Association!”

Shirone’s face flushed. He grew anxious when he realized people had mistaken him for an employee of the Magic Association. While he lowered his head, not knowing what to do, Arya approached him.

“Um, are you all right?”

“Ah, yes. I’m fine.”

“I’m truly grateful for what you did today. I’d like to repay you somehow…”

“Oh, no! You don’t have to!”

Arya did not want to let Shirone leave like this. He had saved her, and the fact that he had been in the wagon with her gave her a strange sense of destiny.

“I am Arya of the Tessiya family. My father is a first-class diplomat of the kingdom. If I tell him about what happened today, it may be of great help to you in the future…”

At that moment, Fleur grabbed Shirone by the head and pushed him down.

“There’s no need for that.”

“Yes?”

Fleur politely bowed her head to the bewildered Arya.

“I’m sorry. This child is still only on probation, not a full-time employee. Please understand that today’s actions were carried out at the Association level in order to apprehend the terrorists.”

Shirone lowered his head and averted his gaze.

Strictly speaking, he was not even an apprentice. But when he met Fleur’s eyes and saw the terrifying expression on her face, he remembered what he was supposed to say.

“Yes, I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.”

Arya did not care whether Shirone was a full-time employee or an apprentice. She simply wanted to talk with him longer and learn a little more about him.

“No, I’m only grateful…”

Fleur firmly raised a hand and cut her off.

“He only did what he was supposed to do. Private compensation is strictly prohibited within the Association. Then, trusting that you’ll understand, we’ll be leaving now. Follow me, you little brat!”

“Ouch! That hurts!”

Fleur seized Shirone and dragged him out of the Gold Tower.

Arya watched the two grow farther away, her eyes filled with regret.