Chapter 367  
Trinity (1)  
~*~

Shirone swallowed hard, her face tense.  

As the cold clouds lifted, the Ice Queen’s enormous eyes rolled over her.  

She probably wouldn’t be able to find it easily. It’s difficult for humans to spot objects smaller than their pupils—things like dust, mosquitoes, or a single hair.  

Honestly, she didn’t know. No, she didn’t even want to know.  

Watching those eyes—the pupils and irises larger than a human’s—move at the same speed as a human’s gaze, her mind went blank.  

If the Ice Queen’s pupils were the size of a man, her face would be the size of a house. Cold air leaked from between her neatly aligned teeth, each tens of meters long.  

The strangest part was that only her face had grown.  

A small body clung to a huge face. If this was a dream, it was her worst nightmare.  

Why did she make that choice?  

It was a pretty good tactic if the goal was to startle and stop a heart, but it certainly wasn’t meant to be so primal.  

“I increased my brain capacity.”  

She couldn’t help but think that.  

For the first time, the Ice Queen’s face, which had barely changed expression until now, showed strong emotion—fear and anger.  

It was only when she faced the threat of extinction from the continuous firing of the Photon Cannon that she reached the most intense emotions humans can feel.  

“Humans are strong.”  

The Ice Queen realized this through Shirone.  

“Then I will become stronger.”  

Shirone’s strength came from her brain. That’s why it had to be bigger than Shirone’s. In a way, it was a crude method, but on the other hand, it was the most intuitive and clear answer.  

“Ooooooooo!”  

A chill spread from the Ice Queen’s mouth. As her breath contracted, it seemed the entire sky was closing in.  

Her aftershock reached the ground. The earth froze, and the air chilled so much it was hard to breathe.  

Dante and Lyria shivered from the intense cold. Even the iron-clad monsters were losing vitality. Amy, who had bent Vivian’s arm behind her back and was running, shouted,  

“Dante! What happened to Yojin Park? If we don’t act quickly, we’ll all freeze to death!”  

Lyria shook her head grimly. The Ice Queen’s transformation was bizarre. She didn’t seem strong enough to overcome such a monster. In that case, it would have been better to imprison the Ice Queen, even if it meant dying here.  

“Amy! Free Vivian!”  

Zocre and Ludvans came to their senses from the cold. However, even they noticed the Ice Queen’s change in the sky and stopped walking, dazed.  

“I… what is that?”  

There was no Ice Queen that Zocre knew—only a huge face floating in the sky.  

Amy shouted, leading the hostage Vivian.  

“Do you understand now? What monster have you awakened? So stop surrendering and help us!”  

“What do you know! Zocre, attack!”  

Zocre did not move. No, he couldn’t move. The temperature was dropping severely. At this rate, any attack would freeze them all to death.  

“Eight! Stay calm!”  

“Aww! Hey! Handle with care!”  

Worse, Amy slammed Vivian into the center of her group. She cast Fire Wall, surrounding the area with a wall of fire, and warmth spread for a moment.  

“Zocre! Do something too! Are you going to die like this?”  

Zocre was also a fire mage. Suddenly coming to his senses, he drew another barrier within Amy’s fire wall radius.  

But it was in vain. The fire, created by omnipotence, had a much lower ignition point than in reality and couldn’t withstand the cold—it went out.  

Extreme cold hit. His lungs froze, and his eyes dimmed. It was as if the end of the world was approaching—just like that day 800 years ago when the Ice Queen froze herself.  

For the first time, Zocre felt the fear of death. Tears stained his face, and a desperate scream erupted.  

“Sah, save me! I can’t die like this!”  

Ruud Barnes grabbed him by the neck and forced him to his knees.  

“Keugh! I can’t breathe!”  

The current temperature on the ground was 120 degrees below zero.  

Three minutes was enough to kill everyone.  

“Shirone, please…!”  

Amy looked at Shirone with longing eyes.  

The only person who could withstand the extreme cold was Shirone, protected by the power of the Diamond Armament.  

“Shirone! Everyone will die at this rate!”  

Armand’s auditory sensors picked up Amy’s voice and transmitted it to Shirone’s brain.  

But even without hearing it, Shirone already knew.  

The cold was unbearable, even though Armand was strengthening all of her body’s heat sources.  

The energy consumed per second reached a whopping 1 kilocalorie.  

Even the organic robes that maximized cold-weather resistance had hardened to the point that people on the ground would already have no energy to move.  

“Is there no choice but to collide?”  

Shirone spread her wings and rushed at the queen.  

As the headwind increased, the perceived temperature dropped even further.  

It was a suicidal attempt, but Armand did everything possible to maintain her body temperature without complaint.  

But eventually, even that reached its limits.  

– Vivo tissue necrosis. Organic production impossible. Time to maintain life activity: 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.  

“Great!”  

Shirone clenched her teeth and charged. It felt like her entire body had turned into cold stone.  

And finally, at the moment she was about to face the last moment of her life, she plunged into the Ice Queen’s mouth—the source of the cold.  

Amy gasped in surprise.  

“Crazy! Shirone!”  

Entering the Ice Queen’s body was more insane than facing the extreme cold head-on. It wouldn’t just end with her dying. How could a human know what might be in there?  

Dante said, blowing out his breath.  

“Amy. The temperature is rising. Cast the Fire Wall.”  

The Ice Queen, who had swallowed Shirone, didn’t even blink. The reason was unknown, but she seemed to be temporarily inactive.  

As a result, Shirone’s judgment was excellent. However, if she had intended to save everyone even by sacrificing her own life...  

Amy’s expression as she cast Fire Wall was grim. It felt like Shirone had already left this world.  

“I will come back. Shirone will definitely come back.”  

Dante didn’t give a hopeful answer. The probability that Shirone, who had thrown herself into an unknown world, would return was impossible to calculate.  

“I bought us some time. I don’t know how much, but we have to do something within it. Gather together, let’s plan a strategy.”  

While Dante and the others discussed strategy, Zocre stared blankly up at the sky.  

“That is the essence of the Ice Queen.”  

The Ice Queen’s gigantic face was terrifying. It was as if someone from outside the world was shining her face through a magnifying glass.  

And in that place, Shirone had jumped in.  

Maybe she could have held out a little longer. No, with her incredible flying abilities, in the worst case, she could have just run away with her friends.  

However, she had thrown herself in with all her limbs.  

Does she want to save the world? Does she want to be a hero? If not, was this just an act of arrogance?  

“Why?”  

Zocre sincerely asked, but Shirone, who was supposed to answer, had already disappeared beneath the Ice Queen’s law.  

* * *  

Shirone was deep inside the world of the law.  

Numerous stars, whose distances could not be measured, exchanged signals while twinkling ceaselessly.  

Light and dark were 1 and 0. A binary system was enforcing the Ice Queen’s law.  

However, that information was not important in the current situation.  

The truly important piece of information was that there was no air here.  

– Residual oxygen consumption time: 2 minutes 37 seconds.  

Shirone was terrified. The time Armand delivered was literally her lifespan.  

“Let’s stay calm. I use a lot of oxygen when I’m excited.”  

She tried to regain her composure, but it didn’t change anything.  

There was nothing but signals of 1 and 0. That meant she couldn’t create a variable to break the situation.  

Would she die from lack of oxygen? Would she become a corpse and wander the cold world forever?  

At that moment, the stars twinkled rapidly.  

It was as if slow-moving ants suddenly sped up wildly when food fell to the ground.  

Shirone felt her mind grow hazy. The faster the stars twinkled, the farther away they seemed.  

“Oh, I see.”  

This was the digestive organ of the law.  

If she hadn’t been protected by Armand’s law, she would have already disintegrated and been absorbed into the Ice Queen’s law.  

In fact, whenever her mind fluctuated, Armand readjusted her concentration point to maintain her consciousness.  

It felt like a rice cake thrown into the sea.  

“Please hold on.”  

Shirone prayed earnestly to Armand. She knew it was just a tool, but it was her only lifeline right now.  

Armand held up well.  

He didn’t tell her how much oxygen was left because he thought fear would make things worse.  

He probably thought so himself, but Shirone found it more frightening.  

“Oxygen consumption. Let’s just know.”  

– Residual oxygen consumption time: 2 minutes 1 second. 2 minutes. 1 minute 59 seconds.  

“Two minutes left. My life.”  

She deliberately made it easy. Otherwise, the rate of oxygen consumption would be twice as fast.  

Of course, if she held her breath, she could hold on a little longer, but after that, she would truly be at the end of her life.  

She had to find a way while she still had some time.  

“Ugh!”  

Shirone vomited out the precious oxygen.  

Suddenly, a huge sound was heard. No, it was a signal that made a huge sound.  

Shake.  

Just as rice cakes submerged in water meet a storm and are released, Shirone’s consciousness began to disintegrate quickly.  

Break up.  

“Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!”  

Everything that had formed as one was breaking apart, waving the flag of independence.  

Consciousness slipped away. Armand tried desperately, but eventually, the Ice Queen’s law began to eat away at her mind.  

“Great!”  

Shirone frowned. As the nerves around her eyes rose, her pupils began to darken.  

At depth level 1, a devastating explosion occurred, pushing the Ice Queen’s law back.  

Against the uninvited guest who had infiltrated her psyche, the guppin’s bar margin opened, drawing out the demon again.  

– Multiple Cerebral Body Detection. Overdrive operation.  

Armand found the only hope to save his master and immediately contacted Behemoth.