Chapter 365  
Wave of Rhythm (3)  
~*~

“Theme, how about figuring it out? Don’t you know what the situation is? You’re the best at school, but do you think your reputation will work in a place like this?”  
Shirone couldn’t hear Zocre’s words.  

If they kept hesitating like this, people would die. But if that was how it ended, there was a much simpler solution.  

Shirone narrowed her focus like a sniper. The Ice Queen’s face came into sharp view.  
‘I have to finish this all at once.’  

Eliminate the Ice Queen in the shortest time possible. When that happened, her strange ability controlling the space here would also disappear.  

As Shirone maintained her poker face, Jocre suffered under the psychological pressure. It felt like a poker game where someone certain to have a bully card had gone all-in.  

‘What the hell are these guys doing?’  
How could they act so recklessly when hundreds of lives were at stake? It was something that defied his common sense.  

Because he was belittling himself. That thought made uncontrollable anger surge within him.  

“How dare you look down on me!”  

The moment Zocre shouted, Shirone’s Armand sprang from its scabbard and rushed forward like a flash.  

Armand was aiming for the Ice Queen, not Zocre.  

The Ice Queen invoked her Law and quickly drifted away. Even so, as she slowed down, she flew up into the sky.  

‘The Law of Destruction.’  

The Ice Queen’s Law was cast on Armand. However, her demonic sword trembled but was not destroyed.  

‘Why?’  

It was an unfamiliar experience for the Ice Queen.  

‘Incarnation?’  

Objects that form a perfect trinity cannot be changed by the Law; they are called incarnations in heaven.  

The Ice Queen activated the Law of Freezing. Armand’s blade frosted over, and ice began to clump together.  

As she slowed, the Ice Queen regained her composure. But suddenly, she felt an impact on her back, as if something had collided with her.  

‘What?’  

Before she could answer the question, she amplified the Law of Freezing. Armand, trapped in a huge block of ice, could not bear her weight and fell to the ground.  

The Ice Queen immediately turned around and cast a wave of her yul at the spot she had hit. There was a boom, and a barrier in the form of a translucent dome spread across the sky.  

‘Something is blocking the space.’  

Zocre put on a blank expression. Dante, who had been setting up gold margins all night, spoke triumphantly.  

“How about the surprise I prepared for you? The area is already sealed off. I hit a gold margin by plugging in my totem all night. The Ice Queen says she will never get out of here.”  

Jocre slowly turned his head to look at Dante. Being trapped by the Ice Queen was the worst imaginable situation.  

“You’re going to rule the world just by begging a monster like that? Does the place where you live look so comfortable? The army will arrive soon. Even if we die here, the Ice Queen will eventually perish. It’s a good end now. Then extenuating circumstances will be possible.”  

Zocre’s chin trembled. His breathing became rough. When the army was dispatched, the Ice Queen would be destroyed. Of course, she and her friends would pay the price for their crimes.  

“You locked me up.”  

The Ice Queen landed. The chill she brought with her spread across the land and chilled the bones of her people.  

Shirone did not avoid the Ice Queen’s attack. Rather, she made eye contact with her as if to challenge her, and grabbed Armand’s handle as if snatching it back after breaking the ice. The jewel embedded in the crossguard emitted an intense red light. She knew the opponent she was facing was formidable.  

“Queen, are you okay?”  

The Ice Queen looked back at the anxiously questioning Zocre and patted him on the head with a friendly smile.  

But when she looked back at Shirone, her eyes were completely different. Her cold gaze seemed to pierce her heart like a spear of ice.  

“Why are you disturbing me?”  

“Don’t you see what you’ve done? And aren’t you the first to disrespect other people’s lives?”  

“You are foolish. The strong rule. Aren’t those the rules of the world you live in? I just want to reign over you as the new ruler.”  

A chill rose above the Ice Queen’s head.  

“Ice Haze.”  

The chill quickly spread around the Ice Queen. Shirone’s coat froze hard and then cracked. The cooling rate was too fast. Even in just a few seconds, the people around them would freeze to their cores.  

“Dangerous!”  

Lyria cast her local stick margin at the Ice Queen’s feet. A circular gin was drawn with light, and then a reddish column of light soared high.  

“Keugh!”  

The Ice Queen’s face twisted. It was as if the core of herself was being pulled downward, as if an object could not violate the law of gravity.  

Lyria lifted her head in pity as the Ice Queen raised her Law and soared into the sky.  

“No. She’s too active to be confined by a local rod margin. You have to keep her tied up somehow.”  

The Ice Queen’s face twisted grotesquely, unable to restrain her expression. That showed how much she ignored the power of the bar margin. Even with her brain on fire, she was the one who never felt the fear of extinction.  

“I will not forgive you!”  

When the Ice Queen cast the Wave of Law, the laws hanging from people’s throats disappeared and a new law was born.  

“Kuaaaaa!”  

People’s muzzles stretched out like dogs’, their teeth sharpened. Their muscles swelled, their clothes ripped, and their fingernails grew like wolves’. Their hardened skin protruded like armor.  

“I’m evolving into a state suitable for battle!”  

Dante shouted at Lyria’s words.  

“Let’s finish this before they join. If you focus your firepower, we can win. Lyria, focus on defending the Law.”  

The moment Shirone and the others were about to fly toward the Ice Queen, Vivian muttered as she placed her hands on the ground.  

“The Radius of the Spirit.”  

The ground shook as Vivian’s body petrified. Centered around her, a circular barrier rose and spread in series.  

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!  

The distance between the walls that spread in a radial pattern every ten paces was ten meters. All these radii were forming her mind.  

“Damn it! What’s this!”  

Shirone and the others hurriedly retreated, but before they could take a few steps, a wall rose up behind them. It was a 30-meter-high barrier.  

The moment they panicked, the wall in front of them melted away, and the shape of Vivian’s face protruded in relief. Her upper body was pulled out, and her lower body stretched like a snake to connect with the wall.  

“Whoops. How is it? My ability, the Radius of the Spirit.”  

Vivian raised both hands, and Jocre and Lud Barnes jumped off and landed like cranes on her palms.  

“Haha! That’s ugly. You pretended to be proud, but this is all?”  

The Radius of the Spirit builds a barrier shared with the caster’s mind at a rate of ten meters per second. However, there was a disadvantage: the reaction time dropped to the level of an inanimate object if the wall was built too far away because the density of the mind decreased as the radius widened. But Vivian was satisfied with her ability. Her desire to attract everyone’s attention was embodied by the Ice Queen’s own power.  

“This is a perfect maze. If you hold onto me at the center, the Radius of Your Spirit will be released. But can you find your way?”  

“You don’t have to run around like a mouse.”  

Dante cast teleportation. It was enough to jump over the 30-meter barrier. Then a number of Vivians sprang out from the top and swung their petrified hands.  

“Sheesh! It’s tricky.”  

Crashing into the petrified Vivian with linear teleportation left her mortally wounded. As Dante landed, looking annoyed, Shirone picked up her Armand and set herself upright.  

“I’ll take over the Ice Queen.”  

The moment everyone turned to Shirone, she chanted.  

“Geumgang Armed Forces.”  

As the blade split, a bone as thin as an insect’s leg swallowed Shirone’s face. As soon as they turned into wizards with their hoods pulled down, the faces of Zocre and his party hardened.  

Dante asked,  

“Is that the Golden Armed Forces? What are you going to do?”  

“Armand endured the Law. With the Diamond Armament, you might be able to stop the Ice Queen’s Law.”  

Lyria nodded.  

“Is it possible? It’s like the principle of the totem. But the Ice Queen is in the sky. You have to find a way to get to her first.”  

Shirone raised her face hidden by her hood. The Radius of the Spirit, which creates clones at the speed of thought, was certainly a difficult challenge. But it wasn’t impossible.  

‘Function comes from form.’  

Shirone maximized the photonic shaping technique. A bright light burned from her body, and huge wings of light spread out.  

She sculpted the light.  

That surprised the wizards. Forming a shape with luminous light required tremendous photon compressive force.  

Zocre and the others swallowed dry saliva. Everyone knew what Shirone was trying to do because she had molded a form that performed only one function: flying in the sky.  

“I’ll ask you here.”  

Photon Sculpture—Gwangik.  

Shirone bent her lower body and swung her wings of light downward, soaring at tremendous speed. Even though it wasn’t teleportation, it seemed like a flash of light soaring.  

‘I know how to miss it!’  

Still, Vivian reacted. Dozens of Vivians jumped out of the wall and bit Shirone like teeth.  

‘Got it!’  

The feeling of impact was definitely transmitted. However, after a while, Vivian narrowed her eyes as if wondering. The tentacles of the Geumgang Armed Forces were blocking the attacks of the petrified clones at close range.  

“This…!”  

Vivian put all her strength into it. The sound of stones wearing away could be heard from where Shirone was. The brute force from the durability of the stone was great, but the tentacles of the Geumgang Buddha were also strong enough to break quite a few rocks.  

– 1.7 tons of external pressure. Reaching strength maintenance limit.  

Shirone gritted her teeth and pushed the tentacles down. As the tentacle squeezed through the narrow gap and threw Shirone upward, Vivian’s alter egos collided with each other and shattered.  

‘Remove the Ice Queen.’  

The speed at which Gwangik was created was terrifying. Shirone pursued the Ice Queen at near sound speed. As her vision narrowed, Armand readjusted her physical abilities.  

– Unable to recognize target. Increased photoreceptors. Augmentation of macular function.  

Her vision was wide open, and she could see the Ice Queen clearly. She adjusted the balance of flight outside of the cybernetic brain. As she closed the distance, the Ice Queen circled behind her and cast her Law.  

“A freezing blizzard.”  

Shirone covered her face as snowflakes sharper than razors whirled around her. The cloak that covered her entire body hardened to a metallic quality, and shards of ice clawed across the surface like thousands of broken pieces of glass.  

“Keuuugh!”  

The Ice Queen’s Law, while not as precise as magic, was different in scale. Her rules were bigger than the rules here. That was the scale.  

Shirone changed the hardened cloak back to organic matter and glared forward. The atmosphere froze, and huge ice stalks spread out intricately like the human nervous system. It was as if she had become a microorganism.  

‘I’m talking about cryogenic temperatures.’  

The reason she didn’t feel the cold was that Armand was controlling her nervous system. But as soon as she breathed in, the cold air froze her lungs.  

“Huh!”  

Shirone hurriedly shut her mouth.  

– Respiratory block detected. Artificial oxygen replacement. Residual oxygen consumption time: 1 minute 27 seconds. 2 minutes 32 seconds. 4 minutes 49 seconds.  

As Armand stocked up on air, he started injecting oxygen directly into Shirone’s veins. After regaining her fighting power, Shirone flew between the ice stalks and engaged in a dogfight with the Ice Queen.  

Like a hunting hawk, Shirone folded her wings and rushed forward, holding her wrist and firing one hundred and twenty photon cannons per minute from the magic crystal ball embedded in her gauntlet.  

[End of Chapter]