Chapter 356  
Battle Mage’s Philosophy (2)  
~*~

Sewing, Dante said with an absurd expression as he noticed the craftsmanship in Shirone’s eyes.  
“Hey, do you really have to sew here?”  

“That’s the only coat I brought. And it’s hard to do it outside because my hands are frozen.”  

Shirone breathed heavily on her still-cold hands and focused on sewing again. After ordering tea at the counter, Dante brought back an Armand for Shirone, who was leaning against the wall on his way back.  

Shirone only glanced at Armand. The demonic sword, which had been so picky before, was now as quiet as a mouse. It was as if Dante deserved to take care of it himself.  

Because of the people’s attention, Dante stood upright without drawing his sword and inspected his appearance.  
“Hey, so this is an S-class object.”  

She had heard a rough explanation on the way. A demonic sword equipped with the concepts of Rated Control and Armed Forces. It was an impeccable weapon that not only amplified mana but also maximized physical airborne ability.  

Dante threw Armand against the wall. Then, Shirone brought it back to its original position with Rated Control. Dante, who confirmed it with his own eyes, smiled.  
“It’s a good weapon. Considering its rarity, it’s understandable that it’s worth over 4 billion gold.”  

Amy, who had turned to her fireplace to warm herself, looked away and said,  
“You say 4 billion gold so easily? After all, the Erhein family is a chaebol family ranked 20th in the kingdom’s business world. But why would the young master of such a house obtain and drink coffee?”  

“Haha! Coffee brewed by someone else tastes better. Coffee that someone else buys is even better. And if you get 4 billion gold for a single sword, even my parents would have their jaws wide open.”  

Said Shirone, who fastened the first button and connected the needle to the second.  
“Sorry. I was going to sell it for about 3 billion if I was interested.”  

She heard the sound of Armand’s jewels trembling.  
“I’m not interested in collecting things in particular. It’s a caution not to buy souvenirs even when traveling.”  

Dante, who said S-class objects were just collections, was certainly not a normal human being. But Shirone liked that. After all, wizards are the kind of people who don’t see anything other than what they like.  

A clerk brought tea while Shirone finished sewing and put her coat back on.  

Shirone and Amy were silent for a long time while drinking juice and cocoa. Until earlier, they had been giggling and happily dying, but when Dante was there, the mood suddenly shifted.  

Dante sat obliquely with his legs crossed, sipping his coffee and watching the two of them. Then he pointed at Amy with his coffee cup.  
“How are you anyway?”  

“Yes? What?”  

“I don’t think either of you are the type to go on a leisurely date. Traveling up, what is that?”  

Shirone put down her glass and looked back at Amy. It was the first time Amy talked about her graduation exam.  

“Hmm.”  

Amy put her chin on her hand and looked back out the window.  
“I honestly don’t know. It’s not that I’m unmotivated, but should I say it’s too vague?”  

She seemed to have organized her thoughts sufficiently in the meantime, and Amy spoke with a calm expression.  
“Anyway, I did my best for six years, didn’t I? But I dropped out. I don’t know what to do anymore. I also feel that I won’t be able to simply improve my skills. So what… …”  

Amy snorted and shrugged her shoulders.  
“I’m in the process of refining it. It must be a psychological problem called the second challenge. I’ll have to find or create a special occasion.”  

Dante nodded. Of course, he didn’t even consider the possibility of failing the graduation exam. But if he had failed, he would have had the same troubles as Amy now.  

“Right. But what exactly was the situation at the time? Of course, I also watched the game, but it’s different from playing in the field.”  

Shirone looked at Amy with a nervous expression. It was a memory she never wanted to recall. But it was also true that she wanted to hear it. Especially since she would have to deal with Fermi and her friends after her vacation was over—the more information, the better.  

Fortunately for her, Amy didn’t look particularly distressed. Her one-dimensional period of pain seemed to have already been overcome.  

“I was mass lynched… … It was from 1 minute 32 seconds after the battle began.”  

Amy’s crimson eyes glowed red as she recalled the information from that time.  
“As soon as the person-to-person combat item was hit, 2,000 times were activated, and all participants moved at high speed. At that time, the first thing I thought I should aim for was Samuel. Other contestants seemed to have the same idea.”  

Shirone said,  
“Because Samuel is a magician.”  

“Right. It takes time for spirit magic to activate. At the time of training, Samuel’s ultrasonography level was 148 syllables per second. Intermediate magic takes at least 4 seconds to cast. However, since the power of amplification is enormous once the commandment is completed, he is the first target to be eliminated in the person-to-person combat category. But Fermi broke the tide.”  

Amy’s face turned serious.  
“It was really strange. That feeling. Discomfort. Of course, at the time of the battle, she wasn’t in the mood to even think of collusion, but she instinctively decided to change her target to Fermi. As it turned out, she was wrong. She couldn’t see her target precisely because she was covered in Li-Con’s plasma. So, she tried melee combat, and I think she made the promised play there.”  

Amy was silent for a while. She seemed to be reliving the circumstances of that time, when perhaps she had made a fatal mistake.  

As if to shake off her remorse, she exhaled heavily. Then she came back to reality and dropped her shoulders.  
“After that, her charter trend declined, and as you know, she was unilaterally pushed and eliminated early.”  

Dante, lost in thought, asked,  
“But I heard that Fermi and the others used that tactic from before? It’s a promised play.”  

“Right. It’s not like I wasn’t prepared either. When you enter your senior year, you train for six test subjects in rotation. You can figure out the faction, and you can also know each person’s skills. But on test day, something was different. Even if you think the promised play is part of the tactic, there’s no need for them to block Samuel’s barrage. But the mood completely changed. I still don’t know why it happened.”  

“The atmosphere changed… …”  

If they were able to change the atmosphere of the battlefield at will in person-to-person combat, it meant their skills were much better than expected. However, there was no reason why Amy’s eyesight couldn’t see through what they were hiding. That’s why Amy was also confused.  

‘It’s not just a camouflage tactic. There is something undisclosed. Perhaps the subject… …’  

Fermi, the first in the graduating class. She could completely hide her allies’ skills or dramatically improve her allies’ skills. Amy didn’t know which method she used, but it was clear she could do one of the two.  

“Hmm, it seems that I was pushed out of power after all. Then there is no excuse. Somehow Master Olivia didn’t step forward.”  

Amy shook her head. Of course, she had no intention of making excuses for defeat. However, it was not because of a lack of skill that she was eliminated. If it had been a normal confrontation, at least the neutral factions would have been able to make it to the final 10 if they hadn’t been swayed by Fermi.  

“If the rules are like that, I don’t want to argue. But compared to the contestants, my skills were by no means inferior. I’m not saying that Samuel should have suffered instead of me. If Fermi can control the flow of the battlefield, anyone who is targeted will have no choice but to fall.”  

Dante blinked in surprise. Seeing Amy’s expression, he said sincerely,  
“I admit that it can be unfair. But the opponent ended up like that, right? So, isn’t it accurate to say that you were pushed out of your power?”  

Amy put down her juice glass and sighed.  
“Haa, I still don’t understand… …”  

“No, I fully understand. Fermi’s group controlled the flow of the battlefield, and everyone targeted you.”  

“So you’re saying it’s my fault? Why? Because I’m usually unlucky? Or because I look the most comfortable?”  

“Don’t be so excited… …”  

“I’m not excited!”  

Amy hit the table and got up. The eyes of the people in the café were on her. Conscious of them, Amy sat quietly back down. But her face was still flushed.  

“Okay, since one’s thoughts are free. But I struggled for a year in my senior year and took the exam. Dante, if you were in the same situation as me, would you say the same thing?”  

Dante did not answer. Of course, his thoughts did not change. But even though he was already pissed off at her, it seemed that her cold reply wouldn’t be heard.  

‘… … Although I think that.’  

Dante is a wizard. And Amy was also a wizard. Hiding the truth because of emotions was not suitable for either of them.  

“Don’t be silly, Amy.”  

Anger welled up in Amy’s eyes.  
“Are you stupid? I?”  

“Okay, then shall we ask Shirone? What do you think of the results of this graduation exam?”  

As Amy turned around, Shirone swallowed her dry saliva. No matter what answer she gave, Amy wouldn’t like it.  

“Shirone, do you think so too? Am I fooling around like Dante said?”  

“Uh, there… … Well? I… …”  

“Tell me honestly. I acknowledge Dante’s ability and I acknowledge you too. If two people are looking at me like that, that’s right. What I want to know is the exact truth.”  

Amy was sincere. As a student of magic, she was not weak enough to be comforted by lies. Above all, she believed in herself. It wasn’t because she was weak or lacked skill that she failed the graduation exam.  

Shirone mumbled, unable to bear the weight of the silence, and spoke out with difficulty.  
“It is true that it was a morally wrong test. But no matter what happens… … I think a wizard should be able to win.”  

Amy lost all strength in her body. She had said that until now, there was a high probability she was mistaken. But her heart couldn’t accept it.  

‘A fool? Me?’  

As she studied magic, she never played lazy. She said she fought harder than anyone else. But was she stupid? More than anything, what made billions collapse was that their judgment, which she didn’t even understand, was highly likely to be true.  

Dante said,  
“Of course you are strong. The ability to rise to 5th place in the graduating class in one year is an undeniable fact.”  

Amy’s gaze slowly turned to Dante.  
“But strictly speaking, it’s because you are so talented.”  

“Talent… … say?”  

“Currently, Alpheas Magic School has students who are as good as the Royal Magic School. Iruki as a Servant, Nade of alchemy, Arin as super-hard, Canis who handles magic creatures, Shirone as an unlocker, and me who uses the central arithmetic magic circle. Of course, Sabina and Closer are also tough. Boil of summoning magic and Pandora of scent magic also have one specialized talent.”  

Amy listened silently to Dante.  

“But from my point of view, if I were to rank them based on what they were born with… …”  

Dante took a sip of his coffee and pointed at Amy.  
“It’s you. Amy, you are the best at Alpheas Magic School.”  

Amy wasn’t happy. She was still at a loss as to what Dante wanted to say.