Chapter 473  
The Day of the Full Moon (7)  
~*~

1st Command went into emergency mode.

The headlights of the Kuroi units, lined up in the warehouse, flared to life one after another as they began to maneuver.

Foot soldiers equipped with pipers carried arc rifles and moved out, covering the Kuroi’s flanks.

In the middle of the battlefield, where all manner of chaos was erupting, only Babel and Sein stood motionless, staring at each other.

In terms of physical standards, Sein was no match for Babel. That was the conclusion Sein reached after witnessing Babel’s first attack.

‘Algorithm.’

But its movements were not human. If the enemy was maneuvering with a probabilistic algorithm, there might still be a chance.

‘There is a gap. It’s just hard to find within human perception.’

– Babel Program: Anti-personnel combat system activated.

As the panel protecting Babel’s lens emitted red light, all functions were devoted to analyzing Sein.

Target: Programmer.

Battle Pattern: Unrecognizable.

Lethal Countermeasures: Infinite.

Babel turned the lower part of its neck to the side while keeping its eyes fixed on Sein, as if its joints moved independently. With that single motion, the number of lethal countermeasures dropped rapidly from infinity to about 32 quadrillion.

In truth, 32 quadrillion methods predicted to kill without fail were effectively infinite to a human. The battle would unfold such that certain actions would block future probabilities, and Sein prepared for that.

‘Maybe I can plan the best move.’

But what was the best move? The outcome would be decided by the difference in their value judgments.

Babel moved first, and Sein responded. As the flash of teleportation darted through three dimensions, Babel’s iron-gold star spread like moonlight.

-Lethal response methods: 27,800,000,003,643.

It was as if the human level had dropped, but Babel still overflowed with ways to kill Sein.

Faced with movements faster than expected, Sein’s expression twisted as he blocked Babel’s attacks with his iron wheel. It was operating far faster than he had anticipated.

When Babel made a judgment, the world had to make a new judgment to neutralize it. Time and space, environment and conditions—every variable gave meaning to each coordinate on the battlefield, and Babel calculated them all.

Sein, however, abandoned calculation. It was madness to respond in kind to a machine capable of tens of thousands of calculations per instant. Instead, he relied on insight to find the most aesthetically perfect vital point amid the tangled coordinates. The rough judgment born of experience and intuition—‘it’ll be something like this’—filled the gaps in Babel’s algorithms.

“Damn! What are we supposed to do?”

Two hundred Kuroi encircled the battlefield. All the soldiers could see were flashes of light and the iron afterimages reflected in them. But the trajectories were terrifying even to an outsider, sharp enough to give an engineer a rough idea of what was happening.

“Wait for now. If we intervene, that man will die.”

In truth, Sein was desperate. One mistake and his head would separate from his body. Every time Babel’s movements wove a net to block him, it felt like his vision was receding.

A lethal response was an algorithm that moved to eliminate the enemy with 100% certainty. If Babel had been a program that accepted even the slightest risk, the match might have already ended in Sein’s defeat. But from another perspective, it meant that Sein was also staving off a 100% death scenario thanks to Babel’s perfectionism.

‘You only attack under perfect circumstances. Does that mean there are still ways left to kill me with absolute certainty?’

A chill ran down his spine. Was this how an ant felt in an antlion’s pit?

In his excitement, Sein raised the corner of his mouth. He had defeated countless powerful opponents—or perhaps not—but this was the first time he had been overpowered in his own style.

‘It’s fun.’

The Iron Wheel rotated, tracing two halos. Intuition, the realm of emotion, and arithmetic, the realm of reason. As the two halos overlapped perfectly, Babel and the world that formed it began to shudder.

Cheolryunan – Sun Moon Hwangryun.

* * *

Transcendence of mind and spirit.

Shirone implemented Armand, connected to the Ultima system, into the realm of the incarnation and installed it in his own incarnation. Just as the real Armand strengthened Shirone’s body, the Idea Armand strengthened his spirit.

As the limit of mental transcendence soared, the incarnation emitted a powerful light, and the incarnation of Satan vanished. At the same time, the real Resis released her grip on Shirone’s neck and was hurled back like a cannonball.

“Hah! Hah!”

Shirone gasped for breath. Armand quickly restored his oxygen saturation by extracting oxygen from the air. Having regained his senses, Shirone stroked Armand’s hilt and glared at Resis. Flames and electricity alternately flickered between his teeth.

“Great!”

Resis writhed in pain. Her incarnation, formed from the combination of countless living things, was collapsing under the impact of Shirone’s incarnation.

“Aagh! Urgh!”

The red skin flowed like blood, and eventually even the hideous form began to crumble. The blood that had completely melted and spread across the floor then rose, defying gravity, and coalesced into a powerful body two meters tall. It had sharp fingertips on a blood-red form, and a thick horn on its temple pointed forward as if bending.

But what caught Shirone’s attention was the red triangle floating above the monster’s head. It was the same as what he had seen in Mara, but the difference was that there were as many as four of them.

‘Quarter Mara?’

The evil law, Satan. If an angel’s halo represents endless perfection, a Mara’s triangle represents perfection within imperfection. Thus, the highest status of a Mara is a triangular Mara with three triangles. However, Satan was the only Mara to free himself from the Akashic Records by constructing a fourth triangle. That is why not even Ankera can eliminate the evil law that permeates the universe.

Just as Shirone had temporarily integrated with the incarnation of Behemoth in Kazura Castle, Resis was now in a state of extreme evil.

“For a mere Nephilim to summon me... Has the law of evil grown so weak?”

Shirone suppressed a groan and gritted his teeth. Even Armand was shrinking back after measuring the opponent’s capabilities. A sensation he had experienced before. Right now, the energy radiating from Resis approached that of Archangel Kariel.

‘I can’t lose! If I die, everything is over!’

Photons compressed before his eyes, and a massive sphere of light formed as if about to explode. In his state of unity with Armand, Shirone’s limits of mental transcendence far exceeded human norms. Even as power gathered, enough to pierce through any obstacle, Resis merely watched with her red eyes arrogantly raised.

Photon Cannon!

As Shirone gritted his teeth and cast the spell, a deafening roar tore through the air and surged forward. At the same moment, Resis vanished.

* * *

“Haha...”

Fleur’s body was drenched in sweat. With her back against the wall and her head tilted up toward the ceiling, her knees were bent as if she might collapse at any moment, unable to move. Blood flowed from her shoulder and calf. The bleeding was a problem, but her muscle fatigue had already reached the point where they could barely function.

She had already blocked four waves of glass. But the forced movement of the Dawkins algorithm was a double-edged sword that could destroy the body if overused.

‘Is this... the end?’

“Kyik! Kiik!”

Ten small crab-like Garras gathered in a semicircle around Fleur. Perhaps they were an unlucky species that had combined with weak creatures, but their reproductive drive was no different from the others.

‘Now, I want to stop.’

The sight of the weaker creatures seized Fleur with a powerful urge to give up. She knew this was her last chance to die as humanly as possible.

“Kiyi!”

A Garras leaped at Fleur.

Ponyfar Algorithm.

As the counterattack algorithm activated, Fleur’s body jolted and she swung the phoenix in all directions, striking the Garras. Fragments scattered like crab shells, and with a thud, Fleur’s knee slammed the floor. That attack left every muscle in her body tattered.

Of course, she knew killing the Garras now wouldn’t improve the situation. But a wizard did what she could.

‘Ugh, I can’t even commit suicide anymore.’

Fleur squeezed her upper body with all her might. Thud. As she leaned against the wall, the back of her head pressed against it, her eyes slowly opened.

“Keh, kikiki.”

A grotesque laugh that tickled the eardrums. Fleur couldn’t even turn her head, so she only moved her gaze. A bizarre creature about a meter long was slowly approaching, crossing its four legs in a deliberate rhythm. It was entirely black, so she couldn’t clearly distinguish its features, but the impression that it was smiling was unmistakable.

“Human... woman...”

The Garras were more intelligent than humans. But this was the first time she had encountered a servant that spoke her language. Approaching the gasping Fleur, the Garras observed her for a moment, then pursed its lips.

“Found.”

* * *

Shirone was dragged across the floor and thrown into a glass sphere, held by Satan’s hand. His heart was not beating, and his eyes were rolled back in his head, his robe pulled back.

“Phew.”

Satan and Resis finally felt that everything was over and exhaled in relief. Muscles were torn in places, and smoke still billowed from the temple that had been struck by the last blow. It was the price of underestimating the Nephilim.

“Truly magnificent.”

Resis raised the corner of her mouth in satisfaction. With this, everything was set. The Nephilim to unify their traits, the angels to grant them beautiful bodies, and the creatures to perfectly combine them all.

“Today, I become a god.”

Stepping over the corpses of her aides she had killed with her own hands, she walked to the Fuzix Machine and activated the device. As the engine of the Fuzix Machine turned, the glass tube in the center lit up. It was time to begin the great integration.

Resis entered the last remaining glass sphere, closed the door, and sat upright. After a while, the eight glass spheres began to fill with plasma. Resis slowly closed her eyes. The great integration. A journey toward perfection. When everything melted into one and was reborn in the central glass coffin, she would become the most perfect being in the world.

The level of the black liquid rose rapidly. Eventually, it passed her chin and covered her face. Neither the fragmented Ikasa nor the collapsed Shirone could be seen as they were submerged in the liquid.

‘It’s over. Through this...’

Whoop!

Then a siren blared from the ceiling. Resis opened her eyes at the faint sound that pierced the surface of the plasma.

‘What?’

She strained her legs, but like rice cakes dissolving in water, her body’s durability was already rapidly weakening in the plasma. That made it all the more sinister.

“Great!”

Resis struggled to stand. Only after climbing to the ceiling of the glass sphere could she get a view just a few centimeters high.

‘Th-that’s...!’

Resis’s eyes shook with shock. Fleur, dressed as a Norse, was operating the Fuzix Machine’s device.

‘Why are you here?’

If a member’s clothes were stolen, it was likely a clone from the containment room, but those clones weren’t intelligent.

‘No, I already gave orders to kill them with gas?’

Nothing made sense. Was the Fleur here now a clone? Or the real Fleur?

Then the siren sounded again from the ceiling.

-Warning! Warning! Initializing main type! Main type change from Glass Sphere No. 1 to Glass Sphere No. 8!

Blurp!

Air bubbles rose from Resis’s mouth. The creature inside Glass Sphere 8 was none other than Shirone.
