Chapter 437  
Final Decision (7)  
~*~

The party left the maze of time and space and gathered in Alpheas’s secret room.

Gaold sat cross-legged, his hands resting on his knees, lost in thought.

Leaving the maze behind was disappointing, but that wasn’t the immediate concern.

“The final war may come sooner than expected. We need to move faster. Kang Nan will be coming to Galliant. One more person may or may not join us, but now is the time to make a choice.”

Gaold addressed Shirone.

“If the final war breaks out, the one who fights against the enemy will be hailed as a hero. But if you follow us now, you’ll be branded a traitor who hastened the end.”

Whether he’d be remembered as a hero or a traitor didn’t matter to Shirone.

If this was an operation orchestrated by someone as skilled as Gaold, one who risked his life, Shirone’s chances of survival would be less than one percent.

“If you give me time, how long can you give me?”

“We’re leaving for Galliant tonight. Of course, I’ll wait for Kang Nan to arrive, but it won’t exceed two days at most. If you decide to join us, come to Galliant. We’ll handle your academic affairs. Though, if you’re just heading to your death, what good will that do?”

Gaold wasn’t afraid to take risks. *He needed Shirone’s ability, but if Shirone joined with such hesitant resolve, he’d rather not have him on the team. Bringing a frightened kid along would only hinder them and lead to annihilation.*

Armin stepped closer to Gaold.

They hadn’t followed the maze’s construction out of curiosity; they were here to fulfill a contract.

“Shiina is not going to heaven.”

“Ah, so that’s the contract. Fine. Shiina, you’re not going to heaven. You’re off the team as of now.”

Shiina shook her head.

If Armin had come for that reason, and if Gaold’s invitation hinged solely on it, it would have bruised his pride as a certified fifth-class wizard.

“Why should I follow someone else’s opinion instead of the team’s? I’m going to heaven.”

“You say so? Then the contract is void.”

Light emanated from within Armin’s bandages.

Keira swallowed hard as a blade’s killing intent flared.

“I’m not in the mood for jokes. You’d better fulfill the contract properly if you want to reach heaven in one piece.”

The reason Shiina had revealed her identity, fully aware it would cause pain, was solely to stop Armin from going to heaven.

*Rescuing the maze? That’s bullshit.*

Armin of the Human Security Enforcement Department knew Heaven’s armed forces better than anyone.

Gaold was a special type of red-line first-class mage who specialized purely in combat. Even if he pushed himself to the limit, it was doubtful he could handle an ordinary angel, let alone an archangel.

Of course, it wasn’t impossible.

There were no absolutes in battle. If even a tiny variable snowballed, strategy and tactics might secure a victory.

But Heaven’s enemies were unlike anything in the human world.

In a collision devoid of information, the winner was determined purely by the logic of force.

That was why the Ivory Tower, along with the Temple, focused on delaying the final war until they could secure as much intelligence as possible.

Gaold replied nonchalantly.

“What are you talking about? I don’t ask for favors. I’m not a parasitic brother like you. Even if I don’t take her, Shiina will go to heaven on her own.”

Blood pooled in Armin’s temples.

“Take it easy, Gaold. If you want to die, go and die alone. Your madness is only a nuisance to the world.”

“Ah, sorry for bothering you. But do you know what really pisses me off? Why do you ignore the trouble the world has caused me when you say that? I suffered alone, but you suffered because all of mankind shared it, so don’t whine too much. Listening to it makes me feel dirty.”

Armin snorted.

“A nuisance the world brought upon you? No, you’re just a madman obsessed with ugly desires. Can you really say Miro didn’t have a choice? Judgment Day for the 20… … .”

“What do you know?”

Gaold’s face went pale.

A fire burned in his wide-open eyes.

“You… … What do you know about mazes?”

“Hee!”

Fleur closed her eyes.

Undoubtedly, the screeching sound of the preta exploded as the superheat hell encroached upon the borders of the space.

Even the onlookers shuddered in agony as the emotions of pain Gaold experienced spread beyond his physical body.

It was a self-denial that would drive a normal person insane.

Armin’s nose twitched.

As his eyes flashed eerily, a counter-force erupted from his back, rushing toward Gaold. At the center of their standoff, the realms of fire and eternity collided.

“Don’t do anything stupid. Don’t think you’re the only one experiencing hell. This is your last warning. Promise me you won’t take Shiina with you.”

“Hey, now I know. You’re just a lump of blood that knows nothing. Eternal Observer? On the topic of me hiding in a world where nothing changed… … .”

Gaold’s spirit zone unfolded.

“Are you the kind of people who talk about hell?”

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

As the spirit zones of the two collided, the resulting shockwaves spread outward in spherical waves, collapsing the room’s walls in a perfect circle.

“Gh… … .”

When the raw power was transmitted, Shirone felt as though he were dying.

*What’s comforting, though, is that you’re not the only one struggling.*

The unbearable pressure squeezed everyone’s hearts as the worlds of heat and eternity tangled together.

At that moment, two golden cogwheels pierced through the curtain of hell, rotating in an interlocking state.

The landscape was sucked in and shattered. As if pulling the center of a carpet, the original world began to reemerge from the edges of the fractured space.

When the hellfire vanished, everyone stared blankly at the cogs.

They transformed into Sein’s amber iris, spinning rapidly and shining like a halo.

Cheolryunan – Equilibrium.

It was the world’s organ, calming all phenomena with two cogwheels that calculated the coefficient of reason and the coefficient of emotion.

Gaold was satisfied to confirm that his alumni’s skills had not rusted before going to heaven.

However, it was unpleasant to be treated as an equal to Armin, despite sharing the same goal.

“What? Even if we keep beating each other up, it won’t be enough. Are you going to start a three-way battle?”

“It’s in front of Master. You may not know at other times, but be careful now.”

Sein’s attitude toward Alpheas was no different from Gaold’s.

When the whole world abandoned the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, he was the only one who took their side.

Gaold also had no choice but to become a Hapjuki this time.

Of course, he wasn’t Alpheas, who could be swayed by self-denial, but if there was one person in the world who didn’t want to be a nuisance, it was him.

Sein looked back at Armin.

“I apologize for using your emotions. But we need at least one more talented person. If you knew it from the beginning, why didn’t you convince Shiina yourself? As I said clearly, we have no intention of forcing the party to give up. It’s not a mission to be performed through coercion.”

Shiina stepped forward.

To be honest, she didn’t even want to look at Armin’s face, but she couldn’t stand watching others squabble over her.

“Answer me one thing, Armin oppa.”

Armin, who had been unable to even turn his head until now, spoke in a desperate voice when Shiina finally addressed him.

“Shiina, I’m sorry for hiding it. But I… … .”

“Is Keira your brother’s wife?”

Keira approached with a bright expression, only to quickly withdraw with a pale face.

It was because she felt a terrifying killing intent radiating from behind Armin, who had turned his head just slightly.

Armin turned back to Shiina.

As if the moment had passed, the killing intent vanished, and he returned to his usual mild demeanor.

“No, Keira is my watchdog. There was a situation. She’s in a sham marriage for a mission. Shiina, everything I do is for you. Give me a chance to explain.”

A cold breath escaped from between Shiina’s lips.

*Sham marriage? Guardian?*

*Are you saying that now?*

*‘How hard I was… … .’*

*She vowed to forget every night. Trembling with loneliness, desperately suppressing her desire to reach out, she had wished him a happy life with Keira.*

*But is it a lie?*

*After deceiving them to their heart’s content, acting out a loving couple right in front of their eyes… all of that was for her sake?*

“Shiina, if you want to get angry, I’m fine with that. But… … .”

“No, I’ll tell you.”

Shiina held up her hand, cutting him off.

There must have been circumstances. No, even if there weren’t, she had no right to be angry with Armin.

The kind of life he lived after losing both his eyes to save Shiina was predictable.

“My brother is my lifesaver. Even if he cheated on me for some reason, it doesn’t change the fact that he gave me a new life.”

Armin closed his mouth and raised his eyebrows.

*You don’t have to thank me.*

*If you want, I can take out my heart right now. Shiina, if only you wanted it.*

Shiina walked over to Armin and hugged him.

Even though she was held in the arms of the man she so desperately wanted, her heart ached as if she had been beaten with a whip.

“Thank you, brother. I won’t forget it for the rest of my life. I will always be grateful for the life my brother gave me. But now we are grown up. You can’t treat each other with only your childhood feelings. Stop. Leave me. That is my last wish for my brother.”

“Shiina… … .”

Armin wept in his soul.

Because he had no pupils, he felt miserable, unable to even shed tears.

*I have to leave. Shiina can do anything she wants.*

*And I will wait. Because you might miss yourself because of one small whim.*

*Even if I don’t, I’ll wait my whole life.*

“Okay, I will do as you say. Oppa, you can do anything you want.”

Armin tried to caress Shiina’s cheek, but unfortunately, he turned around with a clenched fist.

“Let’s go.”

“Armin, you can’t… … .”

Keira tried to shout something at Shiina with a serious expression, but Armin’s flicker magic came first.

The two of them disappeared as electricity splattered.

The flicker magic that transcended space even in an enclosed place reminded him that he was an unlocker.

Gaold continued with a relieved expression.

“Let’s wrap this up one last time. I can’t be sure if Kang Nan will be successful in recruiting, but once he’s brought in, there’s no problem with Util. When Shirone comes in, the range of strategies expands. As for the dealer, Shiina and I are enough. Crowd control can be done by Sein, one person in charge of operation, and one person in charge of search.”

Fleur felt infinitely proud that her position was mentioned.

Originally, it was a project with no room for a certified eighth-grade wizard to intervene. However, in other words, the team’s power structure was heavily skewed.

As expected, Gaold’s expression was impassioned.

*I don’t want to make a cage class, but shouldn’t it work if I have an assortment?*

“I guess… … I think there should be one hitman. If you can definitely eliminate one target, the range of tactical operations will be greatly expanded. Is there no good knife holder? The one who knows how to cut properly.” Sein said.

“Where do you get a guy like that all of a sudden? Wasn’t there a magic swordsman in your bodyguard or something?”

“Two candidates. Probably dead. Anyway, think about it once. Even if he dies, he can definitely take out one target. Even if he dies, he doesn’t have to deal with it. In a word, a man who wants to die.”

“You have too many demands.”

“If even one fails, I won’t save you. We are the Suicide Squad. A guy who follows you hoping for a reward is only a minus to the team.” Ethella said.

“Why don’t you try looking for a certified driver? If you are a renowned swordsman, your skills are certain.”

“No. Those who insist on beliefs burn needlessly. We’re not going to war. A hitman is perfect for focusing on recapturing the maze.”

Sein checked the time and said.

“Let’s go to Galliant for now. There might be someone who uses a knife in the Kergo Autonomous District.”

Then Shiina raised her hand.

“Hey, how about a knight without faith?”

Everyone’s eyes turned to Shiina.

Gaold raised his eyebrows as if to say something, then asked again.

“A knight without faith? Can you call that a knight? No, it doesn’t matter anyway. But why?”

“There is one person. Someone who knows how to cut properly.”
