Chapter 391  
Magic Association (9)  
~*~

Shirone swung his blade blindly and kept pressing the attack.

Gaold dodged each strike with calm, economical movements, and the corner of his mouth rose.

‘That’s right. You got the first one.’

Shirone was not conserving his magic. He was refusing to use it.

Gaold had only one chance to counterattack. But if that one attack landed, Shirone would die with a probability close to one hundred percent.

‘No attack magic. First, I have to block him no matter what.’

If Gaold was serious, there was no way he would wait for Ataraxia to be completed. Shirone would be killed before then.

That meant every attack Shirone made now was meaningless. Rather than trying to hurt Gaold, he focused all his attention on Gaold’s reaction.

‘When? When will it come?’

With time-sharing, he could complete two processes at the same time, but aside from Ataraxia, there was no room left in his slots to mount a Photon Cannon. He had to avoid the air gun. If he failed, he would die.

‘…He’s thinking.’

Gaold could almost hear the gears turning in Shirone’s head.

Of course. That was the best decision Shirone could make. If there was one miscalculation, it was that he assumed the power and speed of the air gun would be the same as before.

‘Did you really think you could block it? That’s a shame.’

Gaold had no intention of accommodating Shirone’s circumstances. He had given him two chances and even set a rule that allowed only one counterattack. With the balance tilted that far in Shirone’s favor, whether he lived or died was entirely up to him.

And if he still could not win?

Then there was nothing to be done. He would have to die.

Just before Ataraxia was completed, Gaold extended a finger.

‘Goodbye, Shirone.’

At the same time, Armand, who had been waiting for that single response, struck the ground with his tentacles and pulled Shirone backward.

But even that was within Gaold’s expectations.

‘This one will be on a different level.’

Gaold compressed the air and fired the air gun immediately, without giving Shirone the same leeway as before. A sound rang out like metal snapping, and an air bullet shot forward at terrifying speed.

Shirone could not see it. He could not feel it.

That was the limit of a human who had not opened his schema.

But Shirone had another way out.

Imagination.

It was a two-choice response he had prepared in advance. If Gaold attacked before Ataraxia was completed, then the target would be Shirone himself. Therefore, there was only one place he needed to defend.

‘Amgu!’

A black sphere appeared in front of Shirone’s face.

It was a spell that even Behemoth’s Forced Rebound could not reach, but when overlaid with the power of transcendence, it generated a small gravitational field.

The air gun flying toward Shirone’s forehead was sucked into the darkness with a hiss.

The spell had once devoured a ton of plant matter in Kazura, but Gaold’s air gun was on an entirely different level. Unable to withstand the energy, the black sphere exploded right in front of Shirone’s eyes and released a shock wave.

“Keugh!”

Armand’s robe hardened in an instant to protect his owner. Blown away by the impact, Shirone drove the tentacles into the ground and sprang to the side.

Ataraxia had completed before he knew it, and it was emitting a brilliant light.

‘Magic boost!’

Shirone thrust both hands forward and concentrated on the two magic power amplifiers in his palms. As a powerful Photon Cannon was born, tiny bubbles of light like water droplets formed around it.

‘Immortal Function, now!’

The Photon Cannon rapidly expanded, forcing the air outward in every direction. Golden light vibrated dizzily, leaving afterimages on the retinas of everyone watching.

‘Beyond the Mind!’

When mass was added to its limit, the photon mass, now the size of a human torso, shook so violently it could be seen with the naked eye. The roar of the wildly spinning mass was louder than thunder.

Fleur’s face turned white.

According to the rules, Gaold could no longer attack Shirone. On the other hand, Shirone’s Photon Cannon had reached a level incomparable to the first one he had fired.

‘How can light be compressed that much?’

But Shirone’s frown deepened, as if even that was not enough.

‘A little more. Just a little more…!’

No matter what, Gaold could not attack him. He would have to dodge, block, or do both.

Then Shirone only needed to make it impossible to avoid.

“Aaaaaaa!”

After pouring everything he had into it, he created a white orb reminiscent of a supernova. Amplified to the extreme through Ataraxia, it seemed powerful enough to fill the entire bunker with energy.

Gaold muttered with a bitter smile.

“Damn it…”

Flash!

A massive wave of light swallowed the entire area.

Even Kang Nan and the others standing behind Ataraxia turned their heads away from the flash that seared their retinas. Even with their eyes closed, they could still see its shape.

But Shirone could see.

Armand was blocking ninety-eight percent of the light entering his owner’s eyes.

Then a scene like déjà vu unfolded before him.

The edge of the light rapidly tightened, and an unimaginable atmospheric pressure trapped the energy of the Photon Cannon inside the Bakum Press.

“Ghh!”

Gaold frowned and tightened the Bakum Press even further. When the energy finally stabilized, it gathered into an orb of light smaller than the palm of his hand.

Shirone was stunned.

‘That man… Is he really human?’

Gaold crouched like a beast, his arms hanging low. His hair had been bleached completely white, without a single strand of its original color left. As he clenched his fists, the Bakum Press burst, and the Photon Cannon dispersed.

“Whoa. That was close.”

Shirone was not the only one surprised. Neither Fleur nor Gando had ever seen Gaold’s hair turn white while assisting him.

Gaold remained bent over for a long time.

Then he turned toward Shirone and smiled with his eyes.

“…Passed.”

“He’s already passed out.”

Kang Nan adjusted her glasses and stepped into the middle of the bunker.

Shirone lay on the floor as if dead. At this point, he no longer lost consciousness simply from using Ataraxia at full output, but anyone could see that this demonstration had been his absolute limit.

“Keuk, he squeezed himself completely dry. Well, good.”

Gaold shook out his tingling arm a couple of times, then picked up the coat that had fallen to the floor and slung it over his shoulder.

Kang Nan stared at Gaold’s hair, now entirely white. The Bakum Press just now had shown that Gaold had been serious as well. That was why Shirone had passed.

“You should dye your hair. You already look worn out, and now you look even older.”

“Leave it. It’ll grow back. Besides, isn’t bleached hair fashionable these days?”

“I heard that too. But the face of the president of the association isn’t fashionable.”

“Hahaha!”

Gaold threw back his head and laughed heartily, then headed for the elevator.

He pressed the button and turned to Fleur.

“Hey, kid.”

“Yes! Yes!”

Fleur, extremely nervous, snapped into attention as she answered.

She had thought she knew a lot about Gaold after living there for two years, but she had been wrong. Had she ever truly known the real Gaold at all?

Gaold pointed with his chin at the fallen Shirone.

“Take him with you. When he wakes up, bring him to my room.”

“Yes! Understood!”

That was all the attention Gaold gave Fleur.

Fleur looked at him sadly.

Crying, sobbing until tears and snot ran down her face, shouting that she respected him—that had been the greatest courage she had ever shown in her life. But it did not seem to stir any emotion in Gaold. No, perhaps it had already been erased from his memory.

“Fleur.”

Gando placed a hand on Fleur’s shoulder and said,

“I’ll carry Shirone.”

“Oh, no. I should do it.”

“Men are heavy. And once we go up to the first floor, you won’t be able to use magic.”

Gando entered the bunker, pulled Shirone’s arm over his shoulder, and lifted him. Then he turned smoothly and settled Shirone onto his back.

Fleur watched him in silence for a long moment before Gando’s voice reached her ears.

“That was great, Fleur.”

It took a moment for Gando’s words to sink in. Then, as Fleur looked at him with tearful eyes, a faint smile appeared on her lips.

“Thank you.”