Chapter 354  
Second Outing (5)  
~*~

But it was too early to celebrate. The target, which had looked as if it would topple at any moment, swung back upright.

“Sorry! The first attempt failed!”

Vivian stared at the pendulum-like target in disbelief, then glared at the moderator.

“Why is it a failure? He hit it.”

“No, no. The rule is that you have to knock the target down.”

“Isn’t that a complete scam?”

“Haha! A scam? Is this your first winter festival? Everyone knows how this game works. Besides, do you know what kind of collectible this is? If you sell it later, that doll is worth more than one gold.”

Zocre turned to Ludvans and asked, “It looks like there’s a spring attached underneath. Can you do it?”

“Well…” Ludvans weighed the snowball in his hand and studied the target. “There are still nine balls left.”

Ludvans adjusted his grip, fixed his gaze on the target, and thought, They made the angle ambiguous. In the end, I have no choice but to overpower it with fastballs.

He threw the remaining nine snowballs over the next ten minutes.

Ludvans had taken up the challenge with a casual attitude, but by the end, his expressionless face was damp with sweat, and steam rose from his head.

“Sorry. I feel like I could do it if I tried one more time.”

But the challenge had failed.

He had hit the second and third throws in succession, but missed the fourth, fifth, and sixth. Even for someone close to a professional, it was not easy to hit a target at full power from a distance farther than a proper stadium pitch.

From the seventh throw onward, he struck the target with everything he had, but it still refused to fall.

That was when Shirone understood the trick.

You have to use its elasticity to knock it over. No wonder they installed a spring under the target.

When the force from the pendulum motion remained, striking the target repeatedly increased the recoil little by little. Eventually, once it passed a certain critical point, the target would be unable to withstand its own weight and collapse.

Ludvans’s accuracy, hitting seven out of ten throws, was impressive. But because the force had not been applied continuously, he had failed.

“Amy, why don’t you try?”

“Huh? Me?”

Amy looked back at Shirone in surprise.

In truth, playful as she was, there was no way her hands would not itch in front of a game this fun. But usually, men liked to show off their strength in front of women, so she had simply watched.

Ah, so that’s what he’s thinking.

She seemed to understand Shirone’s intention. The person who needed to show off right now was her.

In that case, there was no reason to hold back.

Amy walked over to the moderator and paid ten silver.

If Ludvans’s pride as a pitching student representative had been on the line, then Amy’s pride as a future sniper was at stake.

“I’ll challenge it too. Here’s ten silver.”

“Oh, it’s been a while since we’ve had a female challenger. But, young lady, the soldiers at the watchtower won’t be bewitched by beauty. Still, I’ll give you one extra snowball as a bonus, so do your best.”

“No, that’s all right. Ten is enough.”

“Haha! What a brave young lady! Everyone, give this courageous lady a round of applause!”

Applause broke out from the onlookers as the slender girl stepped up, though no one was sure whether she could even throw a snowball as far as the watchtower.

Amy wet her lips with her tongue and took a snowball in her hand. As her eyes reddened, her self-image and her memories recalled her current state.

“Hup.”

She swung her arm in a delicate motion, and the snowball dropped like a dud. It did not even make it halfway.

Friendly laughter burst from the tourists.

But Shirone watched her without breathing. Amy’s true ability had only just begun.

Unlike her first throw, Amy now took a proper stance and fixed her eyes on the target.

The information stored in her self-image corrected her errors, and her brain sensed the exact trajectory she needed.

Through the basic build of the schema, she strengthened her muscles, gripped the snowball firmly, widened her stance, and swung her arm in a broad arc.

The eyes of the spectators widened when the snowball flew at nearly the same speed as Ludvans’s pitch and struck the target.

Amy recorded the condition of her second throw in Hongan. Then she mechanically threw the third, fourth, and fifth.

With each hit, the target’s sway grew larger. Finally, on the eighth throw, it could no longer endure the accumulated force and toppled over with a twist.

“Wow! She did it! The girl knocked down the target!”

“Young lady, are you an athlete? That was incredible.”

Amy looked up at the ceiling in relief and exhaled.

After trying it herself, she could tell that the game was genuinely difficult. Even schema users would struggle if they had not trained their sensory system.

Of course, a master of the schema could knock down the target in one shot with the force of a cannon, but someone like that would not be so shameless as to do it just to win a doll at a festival.

The moderator cheerfully handed the prize to the successful challenger.

Amy received the Ice Queen doll, thanked the people who had cheered for her, and held it up like a trophy.

Vivian looked at the Ice Queen doll with crescent-shaped eyes, then made a wistful face.

“Ah, I’m jealous. I wanted that.”

Shirone and Amy walked away in high spirits, having completely forgotten that Zocre and the others were even there.

Ludvans said, “…I’m kind of annoyed.”

Zocre felt the same way.

“Hey, he’s only ever thought about himself since he was little. That personality is why he failed the graduation exam. They say he even got beaten up for it. That’s why only people like him can get along with him.”

By the time Shirone and Amy remembered Zocre and the others, they had already reached the first floor.

They had no desire to go back. From the beginning, those three had not approached them with good intentions.

Amy hugged the Ice Queen doll to her chest and rubbed her cheek against it, enjoying the soft texture.

“Heehee! It’s so cute.”

Shirone was happy just watching her.

Contrary to her outward personality, Amy liked cute dolls. Hadn’t there actually been a lot of teddy bears in her room?

I’m glad she has ordinary tastes.

He sincerely thought so.

Uorin’s collection, such as El Crouch porcelain dolls, was not something anyone would want to collect unless they had rather questionable taste.

Amy said, “Since we spent twenty silver and won it, even if we assume we can only sell it for one gold, that’s a profit of eighty silver.”

“Haha! That’s just like you. But isn’t it a little late for you to care about that? You’re the richest person in magic school.”

“The richest? Me?”

Amy pointed at Shirone’s coat.

“Armand. I heard the stolen goods alone are worth over two billion gold. If it went to auction, wouldn’t the price at least double? In other words, you’re walking around with something worth as much as our entire school.”

Realizing that, Shirone blinked.

The amount was so far beyond common sense that he had never even thought to estimate the sword’s value.

When he thought about the fact that he was walking through a crowd of countless people with an S-class object worth more than four billion gold, his side suddenly stiffened as if he were carrying a sword there.

What if someone steals it? No, Armand and I share our minds, so there’s no way it could be stolen.

Amy tucked the Ice Queen doll into her bag. As Shirone watched her, he pointed outside.

“It’s hot after playing games, so let’s go cool off.”

“Yeah. I need some fresh air too. Shall we skate? I heard the ice here is really good.”

Shirone nodded happily.

It brought back memories of playing on the frozen lake as a child with the skates his father had made for him.

“Great! Then let’s go to the skating rink!”