Chapter 366  
Wave of Rhythm (4)  
~*~

The Ice Queen largely circled her outskirts but could not move faster than Shirone Four, which rotated around her center. The moment her first shot landed, a series of shockwaves followed. A thin scream erupted from the lungs of the Ice Queen as all the photon cannons trailing her tail unleashed their fire.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”

But she wasn’t destroyed. Shirone’s wrists were nearly severed as she continued to pour out continuous fire.

‘Keugh! Why won’t they fall?’

Cold air began to spread like steam from the Ice Queen’s body, which had been battered by the photon cannon. The expansion accelerated over time until it became a great cloud enveloping her.

– Oxygen residual consumption time: 1 minute 2 seconds… 48 seconds… 35 seconds.

Armand’s oxygen supply was rapidly depleting. At zero seconds, he would have to breathe cryogenic air. Desperately trying to catch his breath, the remaining consumption time dropped to 4 seconds, and the air began to accumulate again.

‘What happened? Did I win?’

The photon cannon fired at a speed of one hundred and twenty rounds per minute. A normal creature should have been reduced to mashed potatoes.

As the cloud-like haze dissipated, the Ice Queen finally appeared.

‘I—that’s…?’

Shirone opened her mouth in a daze. Her pupils, filled with astonishment, trembled violently.

* * *

Amy’s red eyes flashed as she saved the coordinates. Dante and Lyria ran after her. They had already covered more than a kilometer. However, due to the nature of the circular maze, it seemed they could not get even 100 meters closer to the center.

Entering the shopping district, they saw buildings cut in half against the protruding walls. Amy and her party slipped into a two-story house where the structure between floors was exposed and hid themselves.

Dante looked out the window. Apart from Zokre and his party, monsters roamed all around.

“I can’t run forever. Monsters don’t get tired. Eventually, we have to knock them down and get out.”

Lyria shook her head.

“They are victims too. We can’t make them targets.”

“And what if we die? As time passes, the Ice Queen will only grow stronger. She says we need to help Shirone quickly. But instead of destroying the maze, you’re wandering around the monster stage.”

“This isn’t about efficiency or results. Violence without goodwill is no different from evil methods. I’m not forcing you, but if you’re willing to help me, you shouldn’t hurt innocent people—even if it costs us our lives.”

Dante laughed bitterly. It wasn’t fake or a lie. Controlling reason by strengthening will was only possible when there was genuine belief.

“Is that the mage’s way of thinking? Well, our school has a teacher just like that. Ethella.”

Lyria said firmly, as if dismissing the idea.

“It’s not clumsiness, it’s conviction. The world is maintained only because there are those who want to uphold good as much as evil is eliminated. If you follow evil ways just because the situation is urgent, you’ll eventually be ruled by evil! I don’t think you, a mage, can understand the age-old conflict between good and evil…!”

Dante shook her hand, cutting her off.

“Okay. Stop lecturing. Like you said, I’m a wizard. So what do you want to do now?”

Lyria, calming her excitement, explained.

“We’ll increase the power by reducing the area of influence of the wide-area Gold Margin installed at the castle site. It’s called Park Yo-jin. If you set the coordinates correctly, even the law of the demigod can’t escape.”

Dante’s expression turned serious.

“But that means if it fails soon…”

“Yes, even the last bastion, Gold Margin, will disappear. The Ice Queen who escapes into the world will become stronger. So we only get one chance. If I can’t create that opportunity, I won’t try to activate Park Yo-jin, even if I die.”

Dante felt the same way. When the Ice Queen leaves her Gold Margin, her damage scales out of control. Even if everyone here were wiped out, it would be more efficient to lock her up.

“Great. So what can we do to help?”

“I can’t set Park Yo-jin’s coordinates arbitrarily. It must be installed at the point where the power of the Gold Margin is concentrated.”

“Where is that?”

“It’s the apex of an inverted pyramid drawn at the Gold Margin. Take me there.”

“It’s a mountain beyond a mountain.”

It was nearly impossible to find Park Yo-jin’s installation point in the maze where monsters roamed. At least if the maze disappeared, the clue to the operation would be revealed.

“Great. Anyway, let’s go with that. Lyria and I will handle the monsters, so Amy will clear the maze. Because the only person who can reach the center of the spirit radius is you—with the red eyes.”

Lyria said anxiously.

“Is it okay to be alone? Their abilities aren’t magic. The other two must have powers comparable to the maze.”

“That’s why Amy has to step in. Maybe they’ll target Amy first. If that’s the case, it’s better to split into two groups and move. Amy, can you do it?”

Amy couldn’t answer. Zokre and the others had become stronger. No, even before they grew stronger, they were competent people who had passed the senior class exam.

‘And I… I failed.’

said Dante.

“You can do it. Trust yourself.”

“I can’t believe it. I’m really not confident.”

Amy was sincere.

“If I can’t trust you, I trust your family.”

Amy looked up, and Dante put his hand on her shoulder.

“There’s no way you can’t do what everyone in your family can do. You fight with everything you have.”

Numerous families attested to their talent. That’s why she could trust herself in any situation.

Dante left the building with a satisfied face as Amy’s eyes showed grim resolution.

“Let’s go, Lyria. We need to get as close to the coordinates as possible while they focus on Amy.”

Lyria followed Dante and asked,

“Are you okay? She doesn’t seem very confident.”

“Something like that happened. But it’ll be fine. I may seem at a loss now, but…”

Dante smiled.

“I’m not so stupid as to not know who’s up there.”

* * *

“Ho-ho-ho! Running away is a masterpiece! As expected of a student at a prestigious school!”

“Sheesh! Shut up!”

At every corner Amy ran, Vivian would jump out from behind walls and sneer at her. Amy was trying her best to find a way, but everywhere she went, she was trapped.

The wall in the direction Amy was running suddenly opened, and Ludvans appeared, chewing gum.

“Wrath of God.”

When the invisible shock ball slammed into the ground, a shockwave with electrical and elastic force surged up, lifting Amy’s body.

“I see your panties.”

As Amy landed from a somersault, Jocre came at her side at high speed.

“Speed Gear!”

The movement of the Speed Gear, which controls inertia from step 1 to step 10, completely defied the laws of physics. When existing common sense was destroyed, it felt like even time and space were distorted.

Amy hastily deployed her air shield. As Jocre’s fireball exploded, she pushed her body far away.

‘I can’t find Vivian at this rate. I have to climb the wall somehow.’

If she were mid-air, it might be possible to activate the air tunnel and hit Vivian’s body directly. However, it wasn’t easy to get such an opportunity against Zokre and the others.

‘The ground is blocked by a wall. After all, sniper mode is impossible? I’d rather injure one and tie him down…’

Amy shook her head. She was thinking again. Dante’s advice flashed through her mind.

– You have no style.

‘Style. My style.’

There is no one way to handle all situations. Amy had focused her thoughts only on sniper mode. At the same time, her eyes flashed. Her key idea struck her like lightning.

‘Perhaps… no, I can do it.’

After examining the structure of the wall, Amy set arbitrary points A and B to draw an imaginary string. Based on the curvature of the wall, she measured the radian value, then applied the Pythagorean theorem and trigonometric functions to derive the coordinates of the center where Vivian’s body was located.

She said, “The coordinates are out. But to strike…”

She couldn’t do it with only sniper mode. The flame couldn’t spread in a situation where the walls were blocked on all sides.

But Amy didn’t give up. Like Shirone and Dante, she deepened her strategy more and more.

‘Is it possible? If only it were heavier than air…’

Amy’s red eyes flashed like electricity.

‘I need more, stronger power.’

Force. Force. Force. Force. Force.

Her self-image began to clear distractions, backing up hundreds of pages per second.

Extreme self-censorship.

Her mind was infiltrated for a purpose, untainted by even one percent impurity.

Focus on concentration.

As if an explosion had occurred in her head, her mental powers multiplied exponentially.

One way.

It was a temporary samadhi phenomenon that occurs when you focus on only one thought, without any distractions.

‘Inferno.’

From under each of Amy’s legs, two streams of fire twisted like pretzels, rising above her head.

“I-what is that?”

Upon seeing the size of the flames Amy created, Zokre and his party stopped charging, surprised. The gas was so dense the flames dripped like paint.

“That…”

Zokre, who majored in fire science, realized what Amy was trying to do.

The fire of a thousand cities, difficult even for professional wizards to reach.

Judging by the color of the flame, a high temperature of at least 1,300 degrees was burning above her head.

“You… you… it…”

Zokre and the others did not dare approach. When the Inferno exploded, everything within its radius would melt.

Amy turned toward the castle wall and said,

“Yes. You can’t even imitate it.”

Zokre furrowed his brows in puzzlement. He couldn’t understand why she was aiming at the wrong place after casting magic to overcome the situation. But Vivian realized immediately. Despite her petrified face, her astonishment was clear.

“No! Zokre, stop it!”

Amy raised her hands and held up the huge flame.

“Stop! Stop it! I intend to attack the body!”

Zokre didn’t understand Vivian’s words. How could she attack the main body when it was blocked by a 30-meter-high barrier?

Amy said with a condescending smile,

“This is my style.”

Retracting her torso like a bow, she swung her hands down as they bounced around her waist. The flame of a thousand cities, Inferno, flew over the 30-meter-high barrier and soared into the sky on the other side.

Ludvans muttered with a blank expression,

“Howitzer…”

A fireball boasting incredible gas density crossed the sky in a parabolic arc.

Although there was a downside that the accuracy was low while ignoring cover, Amy was able to hit the target point precisely like a machine through self-memory.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”

Vivian’s alter ego screamed and disappeared. If Inferno had fallen into the center of the labyrinth, she would have melted instantly, unable to move in her petrified state.

Cuckoo coo coo coo!

The walls of the castle within a radius of 1 kilometer simultaneously sank into the ground, and Vivian, freed from her petrified state, hurriedly left her seat, taking over the screams of her alter ego.

When Inferno hit the ground and exploded, the earth melted like molten iron. Cloudy, black impurities floated around in the lava that glowed red like nightlight, then quickly cooled in the cold air.

The terrain before and after Inferno’s fall was completely transformed. The ground was grotesquely distorted like a demon’s face.

Vivian, who narrowly escaped death, reached Zokre. The maze had disappeared, but Amy was nowhere to be seen. Zokre looked around and muttered with an annoyed expression.

“Damn! Where are you hiding?”

A loud, dull sound erupted from where Ludvans was. A lit stone hit the back of his head, and he collapsed without even groaning.

“Fire Call?”

Zokre scanned the direction the rock had come from. Amy was standing at a distance, blending into the scenery unless looked at closely.

“How dare you look down on us?”

Jocre raised his Speed Gear to level 10 while casting teleportation. Amy hurriedly fired a Fire Call, but he, who could control her inertia, easily dodged it.

“Ha ha ha! Is that all?”

The corners of Amy’s lips lifted slightly. The moment Zokre felt puzzled, dozens of Fire Calls rained down from the sky and hit him.

“Ouch!”

A sniping angle of 88.97 degrees.

Even the Speed Gear couldn’t block the attack when the Fire Calls, which had been outside of cognition, suddenly slammed down from a blind spot.

Amy rushed at Vivian without stopping. The radius of zero provided an advantageous environment for allies, but she herself was petrified. In the end, Vivian couldn’t do anything and was hit in the stomach by Amy, causing her to come up with a span.

“Keuk! Oops!”

Amy patted her hands and snorted as Vivian lay on her stomach, vomiting.

“Heh, I’m glad it ended like that.”

Amy wanted to scold her, but the situation was not easy. While fighting Zokre and the others, a loud explosion of noise erupted from the sky. It meant Shirone’s long-term firefight had begun in earnest.

“What about Shirone?”

Shirone floated in the western sky. The Ice Queen was nowhere to be seen; instead, clouds of cold gathered around her.

“Yes? That…”

Amy’s face was shocked. The Ice Queen’s figure revealed through the haze was beyond her imagination.